What's your career story and where did you grow up? What's home for you these days? Yeah.

Well, thank you, Tiffany. Um, so where did I grow up? So, I spent most of my life growing up in the States, uh, in a suburb outside of Chicago called Park Ridge, Illinois.

But I think before that, I've lived all over the place as my father was chasing his professional dreams as an eye eye doctor, opthalmologist. Um, so we've lived everywhere from Saudi Arabia to South Carolina. I was born in New Orleans, but since the age of about eight years old, I've been based outside of Chicago.

And I was there um until I traveled abroad and and took advantage of Italian citizenship to go back to to Italy to do a bit of study abroad. And um in terms of my career, it's kind of followed that similar trajectory in terms of globe trotting. Um but for me, it's always been quite important people and places.

Um, so I've spent the better part of 20 years in the financial services industry spanning asset management, wealth management, and investment banking. The first half of that time was spent on active management, and the last decade has been more focused on ETFs and passive. Incredible.

So, where is home now for you? And home now is in London, England, or actually a suburb just outside of it called St. Orbins.

You have just hit a major career milestone. Can you share what is it? Sure.

Yeah, very proud to share. So, uh, I'm a week away from starting at Goldman Sachs, which is funny. It's I've come full circle.

So, I'd worked at Goldman Sachs about 20 years ago in Chicago. And, um, I' I've got a very privileged opportunity to help them launch their active ETF offering over here in Europe with a focus on heading up the UK. Wow.

What does that mean for you to reach this full circle now? Yeah, it's come a long way. I think for me the bit that I'm most excited about was this opportunity came through networking and staying in touch with great people that I had um I'd worked with at Black Rockck EyesShares.

And it is a role that involves a lot of autonomy. We're building something for the very first time. We have a lot of support from the firm, a lot of commitment.

Um and there's a lot of excitement. So I guess for me having spent the better part of kind of eight nine years focused on the space and learning with the industry leader in Black Rockck Eyeshares it's how do we take what we've learned and take it to that next level and evolve it with more of a leadership role and having greater influence and I think also having greater um confidence in myself in terms of what I've seen how I've seen this evolution and and what I think I can help deliver both mostly for the team that we're building and um but also for myself and to test myself. I remember when we met, you actually almost already got the offer and um most people when they got an offer, they were like, "Okay, now I can I can focus on my job and do the job and really not not really focus on developing myself and thinking about what's next." And you on the other hand um started the program with me when you got the offer.

I want to know what what were you thinking at that time? Yeah, the funny the timing was probably like like to your point was probably the made the least amount of sense at that moment. I'd spent nine ten months searching for my next role without much guidance.

I I was given, you know, some basics by the company I left. They recommended a few places and I think that was probably it. You know, I felt like I was reeling searching for how this whole process works.

What were the basic first steps to take? um h how to go about things, how to negotiate, I mean all those were question marks. And so as I was, you know, spending those six to nine months searching for roles, I was also searching for information and I felt like I was getting this this scattered gun approach from all over the map and I don't even know how I think LinkedIn you found somehow your LinkedIn posts were finding their way to me.

it was serendipitously and um and I don't know it was just I guess just the way whatever you were writing was really resonating with me and I think when we first spoke you know I was very skeptical if I'm honest I was very skeptical you know you find somebody on LinkedIn and I tried a couple career coaches in the past and they never really quite lived up to my expectations and they always felt a bit gimmicky if I'm honest and um I think you came with a nice hard dose of truth right out of the gates which for me I love the fact that you had a specific program so it's something I could follow and learn on my own time and there was a lot that went into it and I think some of the early chapters reminded me of some of the books I was reading some of the master classes I was watching and so that gave me confidence that you know these are a lot of the same learning lessons and so if if you've done your homework and you've been at that seuite level I think all of us are searching for how do we make that career jump and Um, I just felt like with you I and the program, the 1% program, I had somebody I can almost just outsource all of that to every step of the way that I didn't have to think about doing the research on my own anymore. And, you know, they say time is money, but when you're in the full-time role, you don't have any time. Even when you're looking for a job, you don't feel like you have any time.

And so, for me, it was just comfortability of I can learn and do the the the learnings and the videos on my own time. you had the worksheets that made it super easy and we'll get back to that. When it comes to negotiating or anything else, it's like I I just it was default.

I I trusted it. And then I think, you know, again, it goes back to the network. When you're hearing other people that are going through similar things across all sorts of geographies, levels, and industries, it all sort of makes you realize that we're all in this together.

A lot of the same things we talk about, we face universally. And so it's like this whole built-in network that you get access to like this which was um very different. I didn't know that you could get career coaching learnings and a network all in one.

Can you share with us your three biggest takeaways from the 1% academy program and our work together? So I think I mentioned so point one for me was switching the vowels from I to you. Um, number two was the mindset around as I just mentioned, what does your manager want and how can you help them achieve that?

And then third is probably the one that you brought up which is how to negotiate um salary and otherwise and I think the whole time with a mindset mindset of serving as a partner um w with gratitude. Um, so those were the three things that I really tried to focus on early on and kind of throughout the program over the last 18 months. M right.

Okay. The let's talk about how does that mindset of changing from I to you your manager? What does she want helped you in the conversation in developing the trust and relationship with the manager?

Yeah. Well, I think what what you realize when you ask those basic questions is is one the clarity that they have for themselves. So, there were moments where I felt our conversations could be a lot more honest and direct and almost allowed her to like almost challenging her on what her thoughts were and letting her, you know, being quiet and patient instead of as an American, I probably have a tendency to jump in with my opinion and my views.

It was trying to relax, take a step back, ask very simple questions and then and then draw out responses and then have time to reflect on those and then put a strategy together around how I could help, as I mentioned before, dovetail into some of those to to achieve that. Otherwise, the risk is you spend so much time trying to guess at what it is that you think they want when it's just much easier to ask. As simple as that sounds, I'd been 20 years in the industry and nobody had ever challenged me in that way.

And more so what I now see is there's several people that I work with where when you hear them speak, it's always an I I Yeah. And you notice that the leaders, it's like a maturation process in leadership. You know, even my own manager had told me for herself, she used to really focus on her own ability to deliver.

And then when she took over this large team in the last couple years, she reared it wasn't about her was about what she was giving back and the platforms she providing others. When you hear senior leaders, they get that. And so it was almost like mentally I felt like I had made a jump that nobody had let me in on that secret.

And how could I have gone this long in my career without even realizing such a basic thing? Yeah. And I think that's also mentality shift as well as um transformation going from one level to another level.

What do I mean? When we're junior, when we just enter workplace, we want to prove ourself and we want to show that we know how to help you, want to add value, want to contribute, and that that mentality itself is much more about us. Although it is to help the others but it's actually a very self-centered and that's that's first and second is as you grow into more senior leadership uh level it doesn't work anymore as well as the thing get more complex it's not just one task one project anymore it's multiple stakeholders the complexity of the organization structure the clients you face with you going to face up down cross multi levels of complexities and it doesn't work anymore if you just keep on delivering and showing what I could do, what's my idea, this is my opinion.

You have your work, your success is highly dependent on others. Yes. Because it's so close to home for you in a way.

I feel like you've seen this light. So you and you talk about it, you talk about your own career journey uh in the videos and so you share with us exactly what you've just shared now, kind of your own transformation. And I always liken it to, you know, like religiously to to Moses coming down with the Ten Commandments from the mountains.

So the idea is that, you know, he he goes into a cave and he figures out for himself what those ten commandments are. But now the hard part is how do you how do you bring that back to a population that doesn't quite understand it and hasn't gone through the same transformational journey to take them with you. And and if you read the book, A Hero's Journey, the hardest bit of the whole journey is the final bit.

How do you take people along on the ride with you? and and I felt like you had seen that light and that was your now your purpose to come back and help others up that mountain that nobody essentially helped sherpa you on but this is your chance to kind of give back and and and help others who are struggling with a lot of the same things. Absolutely.

Because I was asking the same question which is the wrong question. Most people come to me and this is the question I was asking as well. How do I impress her my manager?

How do I impress this board? How do I impress his management? And that question already will set you in the wrong place to a wrong place.

Why? Because you again centered it around me. And when you have that mentality of how how do I impress them?

How do I impress the the manager of my manager, it's already from the beginning about you and that intention is already wrong. So you're going to go to this place and think everything about yourself. Even though I know all of you are not actually thinking about you but this question itself will drive lot of pitch right the second question is I got a lot um from many of you is how do I do my pitch how do I pitch myself how do I pitch my profile like how do I make a long-lasting impression again that's about you and all these questions you never get anywhere yeah you can get somewhere when you're junior middle level but when you get to a senior level you're never going to these these opportunities and trust from a pitch.

You don't even know what your audience want. What are you going to pitch? Right.

Right. Well, and and I think bringing it back to the network and the program, I mean, what what you see when you join the calls consistently, especially from folks in maybe their first two or three calls, is they're they're wrestling with that and and you're very hard I mean, in a good way hard on them to you don't in a way you're you don't let people get away with it because you're not trying to be nice to cater into their ego. You're trying to make a hard point early on that you're not shifting your mindset.

you think you might be but you keep coming back to it and that would make sense because you haven't practiced it enough yet to trust it and then I guess the other thing is when you know when we talk through people will we'll discuss what their upcoming meeting with this manager what they aspire to do and who's the person that can help them and how they're going to contact that person and usually that person will get a 30 minute meeting if they're lucky and then they say well to your point what do I need to pitch them in that 30 minutes you need to be asking them questions for 20 to 25 of those 30 minutes versus the other way around. And that also helps to alleviate a lot of pressure you put on yourself of going to come in overly prepared and I've got to have some slick presentation that's going to get me from A to B overnight. That's just not the way the process works.

And um I quite enjoy watching newcomers join the program because you see those initial learnings, that jump happen fairly quickly, but everybody has to wrestle with it. And you, you know, now I've been in the program for a year, year and a half. You kind of smile to yourself thinking like that that was me not too long ago.

And then and then how quickly you can make that change. Now talk a little bit about the negotiation. Again, it's it's trying to understand what they're looking for and and what value you offer and then trying to align those strengths of yours and and normal help them help them see and spell out for themselves that value, which is probably uh harder to do than than to say in practice.

But at the same time, you know, we we're so used to boxing ourselves into what we think the market rate is or, you know, I've got x number of years experience, put it into a formula, years experience in this industry at this level equals x. Um, but I think the more confidence you have in yourself and your ability to operate as a leader and I guess bring more of holistic opportunities to the table, then all a sudden you see your value increasing in many different ways instead of one linear way. And then when you start to add up these exponential increases, the value is a jump.

And I think that allows you to negotiate with confidence in a very different way. And again, because it appeals to the person that you're already speaking to, they've already told you what they're looking for. You're speaking directly to them and to their heart.

And um I think that allows you to therefore ask create that space to ask for more. Yeah. And I know you've got some compliments on your resume which rewritten in this program.

So, you want to talk a little bit about that? Sure. Uh, so I've rewritten it several times.

Um, so I'm a person that shies away from LinkedIn and actually that's probably where I want to focus on next with with the program is trying to change that. Um, but same thing with CVS. I mean, it's in finance when I when I've hired folks in the past.

I mean literally you could I mean we used to joke and say you just take a stack of a thousand CDs and you throw them off a bridge and whatever three floated back to you were the three that you would go with because it's impossible to tell people apart these days and you know you had provided a couple different templates which to be upon us look very different than what the traditional finance CV looks like. Um, so, so once we walk through it and you helped me, I guess transfer my my current CV into this new format, um, if I'm honest, it took a lot of trust for me because I thought I might be laughed at and going a very non-traditional way in an industry that is very traditional. But my most difficult interview was with the head of AMIA and I was very nervous.

I only had half an hour and the first five minutes of the conversation were her complimenting me on the CV. Not necessarily my experiences, what were in it, but just the format it and the way that was being presented that was short and sharp. And the bit she really liked was that we had included um references and and comments from references.

She'd never seen that before. And I think it almost allowed her to believe that she was dealing with somebody that understood that next level even though they're applying for this level. She could see that potential for leadership.

Um, so I remember calling you quite excited that I felt like all that pressure seemingly exuded out the moment that she gave me five minutes up front complimenting me on that and about 15 minutes into the conversation said, "I'm gonna be putting you forward just so you know and looking forward to working with you." So that that is a gamechanging moment I've never had happen in my career. Wow. Yeah, that that's incred.

Well, thank you for sharing that. Is there any other takeaways you want to share? I know I've gone through a lot.

Um I mean I think that those it's just worth saying that those, you know, those worksheet, those templates are being provided across every kind of step of the the six or seven different chapters as reference material as well. And so, you know, going back to maybe the negotiation process, it it had happened rather quickly. It wasn't something I was expecting or anticipating.

And I think in that moment, things move very fast. You're not often sure what the next step should be, how quickly, you know, people want quick decisions from you. And so, I think a not only you being there on call to help me through that mentally, but having those resources there that I just didn't have to almost think, I trusted them almost blindly to the point of, you know, here's the email format.

here's what I should put. I'm going to tweak it a little bit, but 90% of it was already done for me. So, just the the time instead of taking an hour and a half and then rereading and asking your friends to look over it for you, I trusted almost fully that this has been vetted and I'm going to and because of the reaction I've been receiving along the way.

I almost had my full support and it just saved so much time and thinking allowed me to focus on the other aspects which was let's say preparing for the interview or thinking about the person I was going to be meeting with and researching them rather than putting all that focus on me. Is there one specific case when you are on our coaching call that still resonate with you today? Uh there is one that I do have to bring up because it still sticks with me.

So um there was a moment where one of the members was really wrestling with a high performing uh report who had great technical skills and would execute at a very high level but that was seemingly coming with a consistent cost which was that she was a real problem child in the sense of you know she had all these complaints and demands and a lot of teammates were complaining about her and she wasn't a team player and so as the manager he was spending I think he was investing a couple hours every week in these conversations and it was really draining him emotionally. But then he was fearful that if he didn't have that performance, he wouldn't be hitting his targets. And so he's kept her on.

He kept her on. But he was debating at this point, you know, at what point do I pull the plug and and and how would I pivot from this? And so he was really wrestling with this.

And it was great because there were about two or three other folks on the call who said, I remember one gentleman said, uh, I've just I had the exact same problem, but let instead of letting it go on for six months, I let it go on for three years. And the day I finally pulled the plug and made the decision to move past it, my whole life changed. When that person moved on, other people picked up the slack to execute to make sure that that work was getting done.

They were far more happier. All of a sudden, all these complaints start coming from any directions of people who are dealing with this person. That negative attitude was bringing them down.

The sooner the better. And then another person jumped in and said, I just went through that last week. And another person jumped in.

I went through that a month ago. And I think we left that call with the original individual feeling quite galvanized around, you know what, I can do this and this will be better in the long term because so many other people have just gone through and wrestled with it and come to that conclusion. and actually they were giving him pointers and things to consider and think about on the way in terms of letting that person go and then firing and rehiring and all that sort of stuff.

And it's just I think that's another benefit of that network effect. Again, you talk about your time is money. Save that time, save that stress, save that energy for things that are more important than worrying about things that leaders go through on an everyday basis.

And that's part of the process. So I I do have to share that was something that really stood out to me about the program. Yeah, I love it.

So there are two things here. One is that you you do get a lot of confidence in taking that decision. You feel like you're not alone here and you you you you get others tell you like what it would be like if you let this drag along for like another three years.

And um yeah and I think um I think the second is to have that network to be able to be there and share with each other about the behind the scenes. And we are not just here to talk about job hunting and how to do interviews. It's actually not about that as well.

The the program itself is built for lifetime access which means that it's accompany you through different journey of your career. It could be that you're in a in a um phase of hunting and searching. It also there are a lot of you that is in a phase of I'm I'm well in my where I am.

I I need to do this job well and I want to become a better leader. I want to manage better, right? I want to manage team manage my team better and I want to manage up better.

So there are a lot of discussions that we have is also about how do we better how how do you be better at what you do and so you set yourself for success for the next career milestone. Mhm. Absolutely 100%.

I've been very impressed with the caliber of folks. I remember when I joined I thought uh you know I'm this seniorish finance person. Um I wonder who else is in this program.

And then you quite quick quite quickly realize there's some very very senior people um with so much to teach and so much to learn from that I just love listening most of the time. Yeah true. Yeah I mean some people join the program they already at very senior level we have vice president of large organizations a group level and we have seuite executives who are in a program and all of them are chasing their next goals.

So they they're not done yet. And this is a great mix of people who are all very seasoned and all very like-minded of they you you are high performing. You have that ambition.

You know you're not done yet. You want to improve. You know that there's more out there for you to achieve and impact and contribute, right?

And all of you of course have a family that's very much dependent on you. And some of us are the first generation of immigrant. And we are we are changing our family trees here.

And it's it it's not just for the fulfillment itself, but it's we it comes with a generational responsibilities. You couldn't have said any better. Yeah, that that's very evident very quickly.

And it's I remember um you know, having studied in in in Barcelona, I think one of the things I mentioned to you early on was my my purpose, my goal a long time was to make my way back to Spain. And we'll see if that continues. But that that's my goal.

And I think in the first conversation we had like three people on in Barcelona from different industries all with kids roughly the same age all from you know partners that spoke different languages from different countries. So you're wrestling with a lot more around life than just the job. And that that really you you've got a very special community that I've only ever seen rivaled in my time at an at a top-notch MBA where you had 52 countries represented at the highest level.

Um, so it's almost like, you know, if I think about what it cost me to buy to my MBA versus what I could have could have received just from this program, a lot of the same concepts and notions come out of um, like I mentioned before, it's real real high value. Yeah. Yeah.

We have now 40 nationalities in the program. Can you believe that? Is that right?

Is that right? Wow. Okay.

Been curious to see who we're missing. We should go seek them out. Oh, yeah.

You're right. Can you talk about the return of investment in the program? The way I looked at it was quite honestly I'm getting access to to you in this whole program and you know I've I've grown up I've done my MBA I've spent a lot of money on education throughout my my life and my career.

Um I actually saw it quite simply as if I can find that next role or get that internal promotion you know the idea was to secure the head over role at the time the cost or you know the extra salary or bonus I'll get because of that will easily pay for this not just today but spanning the lifetime. So again, I saw it as an easy decision for myself. Um, and I think that that ROI has has come more than fivefold easily in the first 18 months for me.

So I'm sorry, Tiffany. I think I've won this this negotiation, but there's a lot of value to be had. And um you know it's not to say that that you know it's it's like anything else the upfront investment is always tough to kind of get your head around but but I saw it as a as a much longer term investment across my career.

Yeah. And I mean this is one of the steps we're going to take. Right.

We have more. This is just our way to get there. Right.

I think you're still in the middle of it. You're going to continue to grow in your career and in your next um your next role as well in your leadership roles. So it's I see this is we're still on our way.

We're not there yet. Yeah. And I look I I mean I tell people all the time I mean there's a lot of people as you mentioned to me a lot of industries are going through change and there's a lot of redundancies and I watch so many you know great colleagues and friends and clients are all wrestling with this right now in real time.

And similar to myself you know there's a lot of pressure with families and mortgages and all that fun stuff. And you know I always advise them just I say the same thing. And I said, "Look, I'm going to I'm going to recommend you the one the 1% program.

Just spend a month just reading some of, you know, some of the the posts that are being put out there and just see if that resonates with you." Um, and then obviously I'm more than happy to introduce you to Tiffany if if you'd like to proceed further. Um, but it always feels like, you know, and I always try to tell him the same thing, which is, you know, look, it it's never a bad time to be investing in your career. So there's never going to be that right moment which was I wish somebody would have introduced me when I first was let go.

And so I tried to do that as as early on in their process just to to allow because that first two months you're still shell shocked around what's just happened and you don't even know where to begin to pick up the pieces. And so to have a program you could just almost blindly pivot to straight off the bat that would have saved me honestly six months and um and given me a lot of direction early on in that in that searching that searching process. What would you tell someone who is in the same path as you are and who is considering joining the program?

Yeah, I just I'd say just just swallow it and do it. Um you'll be very impressed with as I mentioned all the things you'll be really impressed with the network. I think you'll have access to a lot of great material.

So, just cut down on on the time it requires. You can get to learning instead of searching. And you know, I'd be remiss if I didn't say, Tiffany, I think I mean, in anything in life, you buy the people and you buy the relationships.

And the bit I love most is that, and this is probably one of the other things I I recognized early on is I love how direct you are and in your face you are sometimes if you're looking in a mirror, there's somebody kind of like David Gogan style says, "Quit being weak. Quit saying, "Get up. get to work and go.

Um, but you insist that everybody comes prepared. So, you have to submit your questions at least 24 hours in advance to ensure that you've thought about it and you even ask us in that to say, well, what would your response be? Because this is not a soularching let Tiffany tell you the answer.

This is think through it and do the proper work because when you show up, you've got, you know, I always think of like the Japanese uh approach to time. It's like if if you hold up the train by one minute, you've just cost a thousand people in a train a thousand minutes. So come prepared, come serious, come invested, and you're going to get out what you put in and then some.

Um, so I always I always, again, I I think that you're you pour your whole heart into it. You are a real human being that wants to connect and help. And that whole, you know, again, going back to how you're feeling, having that in itself is uplifting to somebody who might not be feeling those feelings.

So, um, so I'd say ju just just just join, experience it for yourself, and I think you'll be pleasantly surprised.