you just hit a important milestone of your career. Can you tell us what it is? What does that mean for you?

&gt;&gt; Yes. So, um I'm just about to start 1st of November at Russian Roadcords um which is you know my first position on VP level and uh um it was I was craving for this I was I was aiming for this impact you know for this seniority for this uh exposure um um for many years. I was always in the talent pool um for this um VP level and now really seeing um that it became possible due to the you know to the growth journey I have done in the last months is extremely rewarding.

So, it's an incredible product, a company that has a lot of reputation, a lot of room to grow, and also the support of a manager that really sees the potential and and encourages me to grow. Um it's it's an amazing step and I'm really looking forward to um I did I think very relevant products in my entire career but this one I think is is one up and and know really doing this really business but also society relevant product in the core diagnostic lab industry uh makes me very proud and very happy. Yeah, super.

And do you remember how you felt on our very first call? &gt;&gt; Yes. Um, so it was just after the announcement that I was about to be made redundant and I reflected a lot why I needed this unexpected disruption to really, you know, approach you.

Uh, because there was always a bit of dissatisfaction. But you you're in your comfort zone, you know, you you you feel that yeah, it it you always promised the next step. You always thought you were ready for the next step, but I never reflected about what I needed to change to really take this next step.

Yeah. And so this part uh um taking ownership of of growth and and taking ownership of taking going the next level I think I wouldn't have done this without this disruption without our experience without our coaching and exchange. And so um I felt bad, you know, and in this situation I approached you and we spoke and and and you just showed me that that investing now and and and really investing time and focus and and really investing to self-growth and and seeing all this experience and all the talent that is there and really, you know, taking it and investing into myself and and and uh um preparing myself to take the next step and even beyond that, you know, um um this was um where we met and yeah &gt;&gt; how does it feel now?

How does it feel different now compared to just a few months ago? &gt;&gt; So the situation where I am now that I landed this incredible position is of course, you know, the chairing on the icing of the cake, but this is the only thing that hasn't this isn't the only thing that has changed. You know, all these discussions in our group, all the seeing this this this group of of extremely talented people that are um that that share their experiences that also actively listen to you that that bring yeah um context or also challenge you when it's necessary, encourage you, help you, give you peace of mind.

Just two examples. Just before this interview for this for this dream job of me, you know, &gt;&gt; one of the members just just said, "Yeah, yeah. I I will stay after work.

We we can have we can have a steak. I'm I'm in the company and I will help you." And we we met and we had we had a wonderful dinner and and and he just gave me peace of mind. And another member of the group just sent me an SMS.

And when when I was going to bed, she said, "You will rock this. You you will make it. You know, I believe in you." And then you smile, you know, you you you see that this team is is there for you.

They challenge you. They support you, but they also give you peace of mind and energy. And so this is one of the unexpected but extremely positive experiences I had.

&gt;&gt; That was incredible. Um I mean the person you talk about, he joined our program just one week ago, right? and in and he actually when he joined you you shared I'm currently in this final process and he immediately reached out to you.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Being just just totally new in the group. &gt;&gt; Yes.

&gt;&gt; Okay. Let's talk about the group later. I want to ask you more questions.

So let's first talk about what's your biggest takeaway of us working together? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, the point that that I felt I I was smiling a bit when when I was when I was first when when I learned about the concept, but I'm saying this uh on on the number one spot, which is the leadership brand because I said a brand, I'm not a product, &gt;&gt; but I am.

[laughter] And so the point that I was always defining myself when we talked when we had discussions in the group about the products I've delivered you know and and and taking pride in in the engineering piness and and really saying you know this is a this is a product that I've delivered here and there and and saying features features features and then understanding take a step back and think about yourself as a leader what impact did you make, of course, on your products, of course on processes and optimization, but especially on people and and really thinking about this and and and exchanging with others and and also communicating this new view on what was my impact. You know, this helped me really to shape my leadership brand and people realized that I'm and I realized and I could communicate that that that I'm more than just the products I delivered. uh uh uh it was about the impact that that uh I had on on organizations and and this I think is is a was a major step forward for me in my executive presence.

&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a great takeaway and uh I remember at one point you were getting head-hunted every week with very good roles. Tell us more about that. Yeah, it's um I was I think loyalty and tenacity I think these two values they stay extremely important for me and I would never compromise on these I would never bail out of a challenging situation I would never run away you know this is this is this value will never change but with an almost romantic attitude saying when I talk to external people when I open up to a community when I become visible to influencers and specialist in the in the in the in the industry.

I'm I'm illloy you know not loyal enough um and and would disqualify myself from a company. This was a major misunderstanding and I think this is also the part uh showing sharing with the community what's important for me sharing what principles I stand for and and really sharpen also uh my leadership brand and and and accomplishments and then seeing how well this resonated with other specialists in the industry that wanted to contact to me but also to head hunters and not just because they wanted to headhound me But because also I could learn from them. I could we had very fruitful discussions with with with not all let's not sugarcoat the entire industry but there were many extremely good head hunters that that that didn't feel like they were hunting me but they were wanted to work with me on a on a long lifelong career journey and and and also then showing no not [clears throat] the right job for me but do you want to speak to this person and also then you know giving back to to to friends and and people I trust and that I also want to a successful career journey.

This was um yeah, I never thought this was possible, wanted uh or desirable. But seeing now how positive this is and that this doesn't undermine these values of loyalty and tenacity is also one of the key areas uh um this program helped me to realize. &gt;&gt; Well, that's fantastic.

Okay, that's already two very good takeaways. Do you have another one to share with us? &gt;&gt; Yes.

Um um I would call it I would I would summarize it under executive presence. The point that I was hiding behind complexity that that I I didn't dare to simplify. I didn't dare to synthesize.

I always needed to add one more sentence. One more sentence. One more.

It was I was I was drowning my my my communication partners in complexity. And and I reflected about this. I always I was very defensive saying I need to give them this level of detail otherwise they don't get it &gt;&gt; and that's why they didn't get it.

[laughter] So really saying let let's let's turn these observations into data data into knowledge and knowledge into wisdom and give them the essence of it and really give them guidance and and something that is understandable and impactful for my recipient and only if they want to know more engage in the dialogue and then give them more. H this was a major step forward and it resonated extremely well with my with my stakeholders and so maybe this is the uh key takeaway. Find a way to synthesize and stop when you're done.

&gt;&gt; Love that. And through the whole process I mean there are ups and downs. It's not just you know daisies and rainbows um through the process of you landing this dream role.

And there was a m one moment that I remembered that we talk about the concept when you go to the interview because you are such a serious person and when you want something you just put yourself 150% in it and then we talked about the concept of the neediness and tell us more about it of the concept of I want it but I don't need it. Yeah, it's I wanted to to come prepared and and and in all these interviews, meetings and so on up to very senior levels, it was always that they felt refreshed, engaged, impressed by my preparedness and also by by the concepts and and you know the level of detail in the discussion, the energy I was I was pursuing. But when when we continued further in the process and I I I really fell in love, you know, I I really built a connection to the job.

Yeah. Um um I moved from this I wanted to I need it and and and this point saying if I if I don't I I try to win more. I think this is the message, you know, and really adding another another thing, another detail, another aspect of complexity to it.

And it achieved just the opposite, you know, people people felt overwhelmed. They they they they retracted and and my reaction to them going a step back was going two steps to to them, you know, trying to to to close the gap even more. And um I think really understanding the psychology and and you know, putting myself into the shoes of the receiving person.

I think this was a necessary step and and I became better. Am am I perfect a million miles away from it? But I think really understanding what does the other person need from me to need from me to understand the situation to build an opinion and also to feel good and not just to be informed.

&gt;&gt; Mhm. This was a very new perspective the program gave to me and uh um it helped me really to um to be an effective communicator uh um to people that are professionals but maybe not technical specialists. And so my my desire to build bridges between you know the product quality now and the product quality of the future.

The organization now the organization of the future but also uh especially um um um people you know that that they that they really understand uh um um technical and business aspects. this bridge building, bringing it now on this business owners connect better with with with technical specialists by by finding an easier way to communicate, a um a more understandable way to communicate and focusing on how I want them to feel, what I want them to understand and not drowning in complexity was a major step forward. And this helped me to really um improve the communication and the effectiveness of the application process &gt;&gt; because if you push too hard, if you come across too needy and don't relax because you have other options in your quiver because you really worked on filling the funnel &gt;&gt; because you have confidence in yourself and have talked to people.

you trust that you have quality you bring to the table so that you don't need to communicate again and again and again every single feature every single facet of your background and ground them in the past. This way I could really focus on on communicating and discussing with the others the future and not just [clears throat] talking for hours about my past. This was a major step forward.

Let's talk a little about the group. You mentioned earlier about the community and the members who are members in this program. How has being part of the 1% academy community helped you beyond coaching together?

&gt;&gt; Yeah. [clears throat] So let's be clear your service of you as an individual contributor which is coaching and mentoring is extremely impactful. you help you ask the right questions and you also when you are stuck and and you know it's not just how would you approach this problem what do you think about it you you you are pragmatic and you're getting things done so I want to say this very explicitly you are a very important part of that because you have both you ask the right questions and if it's if you're stuck or if it's if it's pragmatic and if it makes sense you give the right direction because I'm extremely professional in my job I wasn't and maybe still not extremely professional in this game of applying.

So this is good to get the support, but this community goes way beyond that because having these interactions in, you know, in in the in the in written form in in, you know, in the in the community pages, but even more in the calls, in the face-toface meetings, and if you're in a situation with this offered altruistic help of of the members, both from a morale, but also from a from a you know, discussion perspective, this is what what really makes a different and people are friendly and warm but they're also authentic. So if you are just yeah you you get the feedback that that you need to step up it's not just oh you know it's it's if they feel you're on the right track they give you the feedback and encourage you to move on. If if if you're 90% there, but you you are you're eaten up by doubts and concerns and fear, they help you tackle this fear.

Yeah. And and so it's so much fun to give back and also to contribute. They listen to my advice.

We have very positive interactions also even on two level you know I give them some advice on things that work well for me and others give me feedback and and and I I prepped for all the executive interviews with with AI prompts I got from the group that really helped me to with very efficient timing prepare on a very good level uh uh for um executive interviews and this is what the group does. So um &gt;&gt; where I really had like an epiphany and really changed fundamentally my way of thinking it was mainly attributed to you your modules and the interaction with you. So the big steps are come of our interaction.

I would clearly say it &gt;&gt; but uh um the um the smaller things you know this as as I said you know these u u you can do this um u um thanks for sharing your story. it resonated with me. Your your your pitch your your you know your communication really resonates with me so that they're encouraging and really I could street road test my you know my my my my message or you know what what what's moving me.

Um these were the things that really helped me out of the community and so there was not a single event or single statement that that that out of the community that was as impactful as your individual um impulses. uh um but it was very important nonetheless. &gt;&gt; Thank you.

Thank you for sharing that. Um what do you want to say to somebody who is thinking about joining but they are not sure. Maybe they think I shouldn't invest in myself this much.

This is a family holiday. I'll be selfish if I invest in myself. Or they're thinking I can do it by myself.

Let me just watch some videos and uh you know use chat GPT and work with AI to figure this out on my own. What would you say to someone who is having that thought? &gt;&gt; Yeah, [clears throat] I need to say I I get this thought.

So this point when we were discussing and and I was already with the interviews I saw and our discussions I I I saw that it was necessary but I thought can I and do I want to invest this now? Yeah. And so for me um looking back every month that you are losing every every compromise you make on your dream job you will pay.

So every month delayed you pay more dividing from the optimal career path to some f compromise will will will you know so the investment into this program uh um is is not is significant but it's so impactful that you will get a very positive return on investment. So my job is always to identify good investments. &gt;&gt; Mhm.

&gt;&gt; Every every innovation project starts with a dip. You invest first and then you gain more than you ever invested. And for me the break even point was days into the program already.

You know what I mean? So this that that got out more than I paid is I think a very important it's very familiar to me and it's it's it's an established thought process which helped me to make the decision to engage into this program and invest. Yeah, &gt;&gt; but I really need to say um I got the Eisenhower matrix in the past and really understanding what's urgent and what's important was always, you know, it helped me to move from a transactional short-term leader to something who who really invested into helping organizations grow by focusing on what is important but not urgent.

This was the first step in my journey. But hearing about your concept of significance, how long will it matter? And really saying I need to invest into you know into into networking into myself because this is you know the only thing that will always stay the same in my career is myself.

Uh um this was for me uh also um in reflection why this investment was so good because it's an investment to yourself. &gt;&gt; And that people like me sometimes need this trigger of a redundancy, you know, of a of a restructuring to really make this leap of faith and invest into this into in this face of [snorts] concern, doubt, fear into something which is I think even a better step, even a better commitment and investment out out of a situation of strength and confidence and not fear and doubt. You know what I mean?

This this really this stuck in my brain. People like me need this negative event to do the right things. And if somebody sees this now, I can only say it's okay to do it as a reactive, you know, as a reaction to a negative event in your life.

But I would do it out of strength, out of I'm bigger than this, the position I'm in. It's not a bad position, but I can do more. And I just need a community, a coach, a trainer that helps me to unleash my potential because I feel I'm ready to take the next step.

What do you feel is the biggest surprise of the program? Like most people think, "Oh, I'm going to go in and I will take some video courses from you. You will help me." What is it that you you feel made it work for you?

&gt;&gt; The first thing is I need to smile. I'm not that special. So this point about uh um my situation is so individual.

How could how could you know a specialist in this field have the right solution for me? [gasps] And then looking into the group and seeing that from different areas you know uh uh we we we are often enough struggling in the same things because we we are we are boy sabotaging ourselves. Uh we we are communicating uh our our leadership brand.

We haven't even formulated it. We don't communicate it right. we haven't reflected enough about what what is important for me in life what is important for me in my career and how can I bring value to an organization you know and these parts saying as long as you're stuck in your specialist role and in your always same way of thinking always focusing on the job and not focusing on self-rowth and then getting an offer like this saying let's talk about it I I'm not a specialist in your industry But you know you are a specialist in in making people grow and communicating their strength and the leadership brand and the organizational impact they can make.

And then seeing how much this changes the self-perception, the communication and also the career path. I was surprised. I didn't thought I didn't think this would be that impactful &gt;&gt; on stock.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. And finally, Andreas, any last words for someone who is watching this video and they were in a place you were a few months ago? &gt;&gt; I really want to say doing this program with such an intensity was necessary, more necessary than I thought in the past.

And not just for landing the next job, but also to really focus on what is important, what is significant, you know, and and seeing what is good for me, what is good for my family. I think we talked about it a few minutes ago. Also really saying that that they stand behind me and and and and they will be happy if I'm happy.

uh um um was a very important step uh uh uh and and I think a pivotal moment if if this is the right word in English. &gt;&gt; Uh um and so I will continue with this team. Now landing this job is not the end of our interaction.

It's it's a very important milestone but you know this is not the end of my career and and so um uh and also giving back to a community that helped me so much and really saying uh um um after being there and also showing you know giving back to to a group that gave me so much uh um this is um another point that that I will carry with me uh um um which I will carry with me. Yes. Thank you so much, Andreas, and congratulations again.

I'm so happy for you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, thank you. Yeah, it's um I can only say the thank you back, you know.

It's um I didn't want this to sound too salesy, you know. I didn't want to I'm I'm authentic. I'm I I say what, you know, it's what's close to my heart.

And so um giving a message which is so positive but also authentic is is important to me. It sounded so natural to be 100% positive about this you know and also you encouraged me to speak about moments of weakness and that this was not always sunshine happiness. It was tough &gt;&gt; but it was not tough because I was part of this program.

It was tough because sometimes this entire career game isn't fair. &gt;&gt; The situation is tough. The game is sometimes unfair.

The entire process can be frustrating and and mind crushing. &gt;&gt; But the community, the interaction, the authenticity of the people, this circle of trust where you can be yourself, we can be vulnerable. But you can also, you know, speak to others freely and give input.

This is 100% positive. I talk about that this is not just a job for me and I'm convinced this is not just a job for you. And so I need to say this very explicitly.

um what you're doing is significant and you're helping people that that are hurt in an environment that is sometimes unfair to get a bit of fairness. And so this is um I think you're doing something which is extremely relevant. Thank you.

So let's finish it here and uh um and I don't care if it sounds salesy. It is. Buy it.

Buy this product because it's a good thing. It's a good investment and uh I I have not regretted a single single moment of it. You know this is the marriage.