Where did your career journey really begin? Where did you grow up? And where do you call home these days?

&gt;&gt; Uh yeah, those are very different answers. Um my career journey began, so I grew up I'm German. I grew up in Germany, but I did spend a good portion of my youth in the US uh by chance in Portland, Oregon, where I am right now.

uh again. Um but my career began because I I studied in uh in Nuremberg which is very close to where the Adidas headquarters are. And so I started interning uh while at college.

Those internships led to my first job at Adidas um which turned into a 20 plus year career at at Adidas. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay.

And then through these years you've moved along with ideas through different locations as well, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.

So I started at the headquarters in Germany. Um few different roles there. Um started with accessories on the product management side.

So I've always been on the product management side. Um started with accessories. After a couple of years, I I I transitioned to footwear, which was this at the time kind of a very new and disruptive business model of of mass customization.

Um, and so we we customized one-of-a-kind footwear and shipped it, you know, from uh online configuration to the consumer's doorstep in in 3 weeks. Um, and it was a very entrepreneurial uh role within the within the larger corporation. And I think that that gave me kind of the the leg up for my next role, which was then um in Brazil to start a creation center, a footwear creation center from scratch for Latin America.

And at the time, this was a huge uh opportunity. We had the World Cup, the Olympics on the horizon. Um and it was also very daunting though.

I moved to Brazil without speaking a word of Portuguese, creating this part department from scratch, working with local suppliers for local consumers. So, it was all very very different. Um, but I I I just really loved it.

It was, you know, a great experience. Um and then after that I moved over to the US and for the first time in my career worked on the apparel side of the business which was also a little bit different and just a different way to to look at the business and that's where now here in Portland Oregon where I've been kind of the last eight years um working on on graphics um and now yeah most recently um I I switched I I left Adidas and now started with Merrill and um super excited to to start back into footwear on the one hand and also working in the outdoor industry which is like one focused category whereas the majority of my career I had been working very horizontally and now I can really you know dive in and focus on on one category. &gt;&gt; That's great actually that was exactly my next question.

So this this new role that you're about to start is a important milestone after you have left Adidas. So can you tell us what it is and what does it mean for you to have this new role? &gt;&gt; Uh yeah so the role is I'm a senior director of the performance um side of the business and um reaching the milestone was obviously a big deal for me because that's something I had I had worked on.

It's something that we worked on together. And so like when starting this uh this collaboration with you, that was you know my goal. So uh now you know check goal achieved.

I of course that feels great. However, the the bigger learning and I think what surprised me a little bit is it it wasn't one it wasn't how I had imagined to be like a clearcut path that oh you know Tiffany's going to tell me how to polish up my CV and then I get a job and then you know job done. Yeah.

&gt;&gt; Um, so the pri the surprise was really like what um what I put into it. Um, and how that became I think undoubtedly the biggest growth spurt of my career so far. Um, maybe besides like the first year where you just get to know everything but uh definitely the biggest growth spurt in my last 20 years.

So that that led to this milestone and I think that's something that um will also serve me going forward in the future. So again, it's not just this one moment in time &gt;&gt; um but it's really just a a transition that happened uh or a transformation that that happened with me. &gt;&gt; Tell us more about it.

What what exactly was the surprise and um what's your biggest learning from this? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um so again the the result was what I was hoping for at the very beginning right to find a new new job.

Um but the learnings that that led me there were the surprise. Um, so I mean summing it up, it's uh starting with the mindset part, right? That's the first chapter.

Um, and it's also the first one that I kind of skipped over um because I didn't I didn't realize the importance at the beginning. So, um, you know, from all the the seven chapters, I really wanted to get to what I thought was the most important ones, like, okay, tell me, you know, how do I have to improve my LinkedIn profile? How do I have to do my CV?

How do I show up in an interview? Um, that's what I had thought would be the most important. And then I I remember it very well because one of the first meetings you you called me out and you you basically noticed and you said like um you know we don't need to revise your CV yet again or whatever.

You haven't done the the work of of chapter 1 which is working on your mindset. And um I came into this whole um program as well, not even realizing that I still had kind of a victim mindset. And so you called me out on that in one of the very first calls.

Um and saying, you know, you're you're not a victim. Stop it. Don't blame anybody else.

Um and and that was a that was my first wakeup call where where I I realized, oh, okay. um I do need to put in to put in the work and uh I even went then you know beyond that you had suggested a few books so um it wasn't just the the chapter the coursework but it was then really wanting to discover more about that and and finding yeah more books on that topic and how to overcome limiting beliefs that I didn't know that I that I even carried with me. Um, so I think there was just a lot of unlearning that I had to do first before getting to learning new things.

&gt;&gt; Well, that's incredible. You actually already jumped into the the biggest takeaway from this. Uh, you know, you you already jumped into the biggest takeaway of working together.

Let's go there then. Um, so learning number one is a surprise. You don't just come in and write your CV and get the job and learn how to interview.

You actually have to work on the mindset. As I always say, you know, 80% is always mindset, 20% is the tactics. So that's that's our learning number one.

What's your second the biggest takeaway? &gt;&gt; Um there was a couple of like stories or or anecdotes that really stuck with me. I think one um you had the catchy catchy slogan go from being right to making it right.

Mhm. &gt;&gt; And I think that was something that resonated with me because again in my kind of career uh it was very much or I thought it was you know fact-based and and facts will convince people and everybody is interested in making more sales let's say or or you know the &gt;&gt; uh what our targets are that we're given by our employers. Um, but then you realize that there's so much more there and that the relationship you have with people.

Um, and it goes into the politics, corporate politics as well. Um, something that I'd kind of always seen in a negative light and and didn't want to partake in. And again, it goes into kind of that that realm where you you showed us how one it's it's a part of your career and it's not something to avoid.

It's something to participate in in the right way. Again, it's nothing it's nothing dirty or, you know, talking behind people's backs. It's it's just about building relationships with other people, building your network.

Um, and so this going from from being right and proving somebody else wrong, like I have the numbers, this is what we should do. Uh, your opinion is wrong. That doesn't always get you to the desired result.

So, you know, go to making it right, which means reading between the lines, seeing what people's true motivations are, how you can create win-win situations with other people, other departments. Um that was that was another mind shift. Um and I think one more story that I really liked maybe related a little bit is the elephant and the rider.

M &gt;&gt; um so the you know the story of if you picture uh the metaphor of a small little person sitting on top of a huge elephant's head and uh if if the elephant has no objections or no own opinion then sure the rider can tell the elephant where to go. However, if the elephant wants to go left there's no way the rider is going to convince the elephant to do anything but go left. and and obviously the elephant symbolizes the the emotional part kind of the the unseen part um that that we yeah we don't see so we often don't even think about it and so now like going into certain situations I I try to think of that more when especially when you encounter resistance but you're not really sure why um to then kind of think about okay what's what's below the surface uh what what is motivating or demotivating this person?

What are their true goals? Um and and just trying to be more empathetic as well to find out what what's going on in that person's life and connect with them more. Um so that's why I said it relates a little bit to the uh building a network and and uh and building relationships with people.

So I think yeah, that was another story that just really resonated. Oh, that's amazing. I've never had someone share that takeaway with me.

So, thank you for sharing that. Um, so how has being part of the community helped you beyond our coaching and the course you've learned? Um, I think it's been great because it's so focused the community and I think you do a really great job in in selecting who's part of it because everybody is in a very similar situation.

At least when they enter the program, they're in a very similar &gt;&gt; situation. And so um there's there's almost equally as much learning by listening to other people's issues, problems um and also getting motivated by their successes and you know um than just asking your own questions and getting getting answers for that. Um, and often times I I participated without having a question and it was almost like listening to a very specific tailored podcast that's that's just super relevant &gt;&gt; uh to you and and so yeah, there was there was learning in in that way.

And then beyond just listening to them, you know, we connect with each other. Um, I've gotten tips from from other members. um very specific, some because they're in my industry, others a little bit more general about certain tactics that have worked for them.

Um and yeah, so that's it's been it's been great and also something um that I don't think I was expecting. You know, at the very beginning, um it's it's a bit vulnerable to share everything your struggles in front of a big group. Um, but that really quickly dissipated as as you realize that everybody is is kind of in the same place and that what you get from that sharing is is just so much greater.

So, I I now see that as one of the uh the the benefits the biggest benefits of of the course is is having that cohort of like-minded um leaders from all kinds of different industries. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's the question I got all the time.

How because coaching is very um personal. It's it's also privacies, confidentialities. And how did you overcome that?

&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's like I said, it's a little bit uncomfortable at the beginning, but then again, everything about this whole process is uncomfortable at some point in time and that's what it's supposed to be. And I think you know if you participate you are taking a step out of your comfort zone. So you can't complain you know that's where you want to go that's where you grow.

Uh, and so I think you just need to be ready for that that it can be a little bit uncomfortable at the very beginning, but as soon as you hear, you know, some other people sharing their stories and being equally as vulnerable and seeing how you learn from that, &gt;&gt; um, it it just &gt;&gt; Yeah, it became very natural and and just not a problem at all anymore. &gt;&gt; I see. And I hear that a lot in the group and especially after the first call they joined and they said I just want to listen and see how this group call work.

And after they listen for the first call they were like wow I'm surprised of how open and and transparent and vulnerable people here are and also support each other as well. We wouldn't never let a call end negatively because all the other ones who are on the call they're all very supportive. They try to offer their help and not just me there.

I never felt I was alone just like all of you just dependent on my own advice but we have everyone else on the call also offer their perspective that was really helpful and can I ask you how did the group setting push you or maybe even inspire you in ways that you might not have managed on your own? Hm. Um I I think inspires me by seeing success when I wasn't &gt;&gt; having that success yet or seeing change which also is a success.

So um one I see people who you know got their dream job, got promoted, whatever it was obviously that's that's motivating. um and them talking about it and saying like you know this is what I did it actually works uh then even even small things of maybe not reaching your end goal but this is what I did in order to grow my network uh which really worked. This is how I connected with my skip level manager and got a meeting with them or you know what whatever those those things are.

um just learning from from the other people uh yeah it was was beneficial and then um once I got a little bit further in the course &gt;&gt; I think also looking back and seeing how much I've changed and grown when you see people that are coming newly into into the program and they're going through the same things and now I can already call them out I don't but you know you can already see them and you're like ah you still have some limiting beliefs there. You need to go you need to go work on that first. Um &gt;&gt; yeah, that's it's just a good reminder um for for yourself.

And &gt;&gt; it's it's easier to see things in other people than in yourself sometimes, right? Because you're obviously not not objective. Um, so it's a good mirror to hold up when you've realized something in somebody else and then like a second later you're like, well that same is relevant for me.

I just haven't really realized it that way. So that reflection back on yourself I think was also um important. &gt;&gt; Do you remember how you felt and what was it like on our very first call you know right after you join us?

What what was the situation look like then? not exactly what you were asking, but I think, you know, there was a long time where where I've just, you know, tried on my own, didn't even think about asking for help or or a coach. Um, which is which is really strange because I have a sports background and I don't know a single worldclass athlete in any sport that got to that level without a coach, without asking anybody for help, without getting feedback on, you know, a daily basis and improving uh that way.

Um, so to not kind of translate that into a business environment is uh yeah, something that doesn't doesn't make sense. and and so I think getting to that step of um of saying okay yeah I I'm going to you know find a coach who's specialized in that um that was one thing once I joined though um again I remember that that very beginning though being being called out on on like not having worked on my on my mindset yet which which was a positive thing and something that you had told me in the very first interview as well is that you you're gonna tell it like it is. You're gonna be direct and and not mince words.

And so that definitely um yeah came to came to my benefit then because um sometimes you just need a wakeup call because these these beliefs they have been built up for years and sometimes decades and and you're just oblivious to them. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And it's not just the limiting belief.

It's more than that. It's how you operate as a person, right? Without thinking about it, you you just like autopiloting.

You think about things this way. You look at things and immediately think about it this way. I remember one of the calls um you know someone was saying, "Oh, you know, LinkedIn, it's just a place people brag when they uh got promoted and start a new job." Then I look at it and I was thinking, "Oh, why not me?" And you just it's it's even that kind of thinking seeing someone else's success and and feeling like why not me is is part of the mindset.

It's part of operating system because you you just channel everything into a way that does not serve your own growth. &gt;&gt; Yeah, totally. And how helping others is helping yourself at the same time and celebrating others people's wins is uh almost equally you know fulfilling to see somebody else thrive than it is to to to yourself thrive and and be celebrated by those people.

And that's all part of building the network which is a not not just a transactional network as well that you know what can I do for them what can they do for me but actually being being invested or at least happy for for somebody else's success. Yeah I I totally agree. &gt;&gt; Yeah absolutely.

Whatever you focus on that thing you focus on will grow. If you focus on lack and focus on you know bad economy or company underperforming redundancy or reorganization the more you focus on you're just going to get more of that. It's a bit like how algorithm work as well.

Once you click uh something about that post or that video then you get more of it. But it's it's the same thing when you focus on the wings and abundance and the the opportunities and other people's success you you also see more of these coming to yourself as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah.

And I at the very beginning when you know the the law of attraction and abundance and those were all very new terms for me and I did feel a little bit like oh this is all hocus pocus but I did dive deeper into it then and not you know not every book or YouTube video or author is going to speak kind of the the language that that resonates with you but you do have to find one that that does. Um because yeah, I think you see proof of it in in everyday life, not just in business. You know, being a positive person opens so many more doors than being negative.

Focusing on what you don't have isn't healthy, but focusing on what you have. It's these are kind of universal truths that that you just have to you probably already believe them but you somehow have to unlock them or I had to unlock them again kind of in this in this business context. &gt;&gt; Exactly.

Yeah. Especially when you know we are facing challenges, adversities, rejections, failures. It's just you just forget about all of that.

when you indulge yourself in that emotion of self-pity into, you know, it's just not fair. Um, then you just went into this rabbit hole of of negativity. And &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; and it's very hard even if you know it's true, but you're not going to just get yourself out of it.

That's that's why it's so important the mindset part, the CV writing, the interviews, we do all of that as well together. Um but just jump straight into that and without tactics I mean without working on the operating system of who you want to become who you need to become to live that life and have that career you want to have is not going to make this work because we are no longer in the entry level you know junior level middle management the requirement changed the game changed so the criteria and the the yourself need to change with the game as Wow, it's it's not enough anymore just to work on the CVS and interview skills. &gt;&gt; Yeah.

And this is what gives everyone a long-term and more sustainable success as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think that's what you know that's why I kind of mentioned at the beginning.

It's it's not this milestone as of one point in time. It's it's more of a you know a a transformation that happened that will serve me until the the end of my career. &gt;&gt; Yeah.

Now if a close friend asked you what this program was like, how would you describe it to someone that ask you about this question? H um it's a cohort of successful leaders across all industries um that are all motivated to overcome a very similar challenge that that kind of connects us all &gt;&gt; and uh to help us do that. We can help ourselves and we do that.

But obviously we have a coach you which uh gives us also the the tools and uh feedback and kind of the framework of how to achieve our goals. um more so than you know just kind of sharing experience which is a part of it but the sharing part uh isn't the only part. H what would you say to someone who is thinking of joining us but is not sure maybe they are thinking oh perhaps I can do this on my own let me try by myself for another six months or maybe they are thinking oh should I really invest in myself what would you say to someone who is having that hesitations in in their mind &gt;&gt; yeah if they're if they're thinking about it then the problem the challenge the struggle has already existed for a while because if everything is going well, you know, you you're not even thinking about that.

So, um if it resonates with you, you have been struggling for a while. I would I would just assume that. And so, the question is, you know, time is a is a super valuable resource that you're never going to get back.

um how long do you want to, you know, keep waiting and and like I kind of mentioned with that analogy to the athlete, um do you really think you're going to achieve it on your own when nobody else has, you know? So, it's it's uh it's very logical when you think about it in in that way. Um and so, yeah, don't don't waste any more time.

uh time is too valuable for that and investing in yourself is always uh a smart option and a smart idea. &gt;&gt; What's the return on investment for you so far? Are you happy with the new package?

&gt;&gt; I am. Yes. I mean, uh, the immediate return on investment is is obviously a role that I'm super excited about, a company that's in a great place and that I'm just, uh, looking very much forward to to supporting.

Um, but for me personally, you know, I just I think I'm in a different place than I was a year ago. And, um, like I said, that that's not linked to one role, one company. Um, but that will kind of stay with me as it's a new a new operating system as you put it.

Um, and yeah, that I think that's the the the biggest the biggest uh insight or learning that I that I have. &gt;&gt; That's super. And finally, any last words?

&gt;&gt; Um, I mean, not really one, just thank you very much. And I know it's not over. I'm going to continue, you know.

Um, but I I am grateful for everything that I that I've learned and uh grateful for everything that I've achieved and uh to, you know, to anybody in not yet in this situation and and still struggling. Um there's a certain certain uh trust the process. Um you need to just trust the process for a while.

These things don't happen overnight. It's not a It's not a quick fix. It's not a get-rich quick scheme uh or anything like that.

Um but the more work you put into it, the more you know, you get you get out of it as as well. So, um I think that would be my only um piece of advice for for anybody. You know, don't skip over the chapters.

Um, and depending on what you realize and when you honestly look inwards, you'll you'll know where you're uh where you need the most help or support. You will see the return on investment in in the long run. &gt;&gt; Fantastic.

Thank you so much, Phillips, and congratulations again. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Tiffany.