So, Craig, you have recently just achieved a career milestone. Can you tell us what it is? &gt;&gt; Yes, of course.

So, thanks for for the question, Tiffany. Um, so I've recently left a a long-term career in a consumer goods industry and was actually in a in a different part of the world. while I was in the the US with my family and I relocated back to the UK which was a scary thought because we were coming back without necessarily knowing what we were going to be doing and where we were going to end up.

Um but I ended up working into a brand new sector. So I ended up continuing my professional career which was and originally within a technology department now working for driving business transformation within a mobility industry for Avis Budget Group. a a great new challenge, one that I'm particularly excited for.

Um, but obviously those challenges come with those those areas of of of consideration that are about new industries, new sectors, new ways of working. But it's a it's really exciting challenge that I'm I'm embracing for the last few months. &gt;&gt; Fantastic.

How does it feel differently now compared to just a few months ago? We came back to the UK in July and I chose to have a little bit of downtime between July and August where we we made that big resettlement change and it's it's it's significant. We've made we've moved countries several times but it's always hard to readapt back and even being outside of the UK I am a UK national but everything is different.

It was over 10 years ago. So readapting back was the hardest and most important focus and I actually wasn't really aggressively actively looking for the next opportunity. Then this opportunity came along and uh originally I was skeptical and thinking maybe this sector is not going to be the the best fit for me.

However, the challenge that they put in front of me, the areas they want to focus on for consumer centricity, for transformation with uh powered by technology with a almost like a white card made it very exciting for me. So, it was a really a really enthralling opportunity and that's really invigorated me to put that a significant more amount of effort into my professional development. um which has been something that I think had been a little bit missing over the the previous few years.

So I'm I'm very excited for that. &gt;&gt; How's family doing now? &gt;&gt; The family, I think, are great now.

They they're very adaptive. They my wife has moved with me uh for the for the last 10 years for three different countries. My eldest was born in Brazil, so he's relocated twice.

This is his third relocation. So he's more uh familiar with it. He's he's quite he's quite it's remarkable how adaptable they are with different schools, different friends, different systems.

Um at least here here now he's got his extended family around. So he thinks this is great for him. So he sees his grand and his granddad and his aunts and uncles.

And the youngest I think has adapted very well. I mean they're still he's still very young. So, he was just more of can I continue to play soccer, which is funny because nobody says the word soccer in the in the [laughter] UK.

Um, but he he's he's he's happy. I think we are now looking to really push through this year to find our long-term home. So, we've always rented.

We spent a long time renting because we've moved so often. So, we're very comfortable with that. But now, we we really know we want to settle.

So, our next challenge is looking for that that personal long-term family home. back to UK. &gt;&gt; Yes, in the UK.

&gt;&gt; That's fantastic. It's priceless when you have the extended family, the grandparents and you know the auntie and aunties and cousins around and they get to experience they they know that they have just more than just the parents uh in their family which is priceless I think. &gt;&gt; Yeah.

Um &gt;&gt; it's something that we're not used to either. We haven't always experienced it. So sometimes we forget that that it is a really added support network and a support community which we normally have to develop ourselves.

So it's really nice to have them around and right now it's the UK that's our intention. We don't plan to move. We never say never but that is our current trajectory.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. Let's talk about then how did you attract this opportunity that is you know so different from what you did before. How did you do that?

Well, it's a great question. Uh, and that's actually the question I asked when when I was my first questions with the the AIS team. Uh, I specifically asked them and this is things that I learned from the 1% academy.

Why did you reach out to me? What is it that that you thought about my profile that that suited? Um, and I was mostly impressed for the first call because they really articulated what they understood about my profile, which was yes, I sat within a digital and a technology function, but I sat within a business partnership role.

So, I sat within regional leadership teams, geographical leadership teams where I may have been part of that technology function. However, I was primarily driving business value. So that breadth of knowledge from consumer from marketing through sales through supply chain was something that they were really able to grasp and understand and say that is what we are looking for.

We're not looking for somebody that has got a specific detailed knowledge of the mobility sector but actually somebody that's got a broad understanding of how you can use technology to transform challenges status quo um and has got this consumer centricity. So I think my profile it was just a convenient fit um at the time and the way that I was able to explain how I did my role previously which wasn't always technical depth um match very well with what they were looking for for somebody to come in and and operate this strategic role. &gt;&gt; That's one big takeaway from us working together is when recruiter reach out ask these questions.

If I could ask you another two takeaways working together what would that be? So yeah, obviously the first one of having that that information, but it's very much linked to the second point. The one of the I think concerns people can often have if they are professionally experienced is what do I get from having these coaching conversations outside of the nicities and the theory?

And I think the the big difference here is you get those practical resources. The content is amazing. It's very easy to consume and it's backed up by the resources and templates that you can go back to and read whenever you need to.

So I would often go back and find certain bits of information which were structured question formats style answer that questions and answers um as well as the templates and the skeletons. I found those extremely useful because they're able to help structure and bring some clarity to the thought processes. I found that very very helpful.

I think the second thing is the community itself. The it's a diverse team. Um there is people that you can see they're having the same challenges that you've had historically.

So you've got something to bring to the table and you can hear things that you haven't considered yourself. So something that you can pro kind of preempt that might happen to you or be aware of how other people look at the the situation. And that diversity of of industry network meant that I was able a able to specifically reach out to several of those people independently and say can we just have a a chat and knowledge learning session?

I'm interested in the following areas of of your sector or your or your um organization. So I think on top of those the first point those are the probably two that I would say were were most beneficial. &gt;&gt; Yeah.

I talking about the community was there something someone maybe said in the group that really struck with you? One is um there was a there was a specific conversation around somebody started a new role and they were used to being heavily strategizing which meant they were a lot of time deep thinking and coming up with the plans and actions and then moved into a role where they were being more tactically driven and asking for more information and they weren't sure how to go and collect that information and I felt um an affinity to that scenario because I've always been in that that role where people have dropped me into certain environments said go figure it out, go teach yourself, go go do what you need to do without any support or backup. So I felt I was able to contribute to at least the way of thinking for that for that scenario to say that it's not always constant and and if you're not sure then and they're not sure then there's probably nobody else that is sure.

So you're in a position to at least define what that should look like. So that's probably the the one where I felt I was able to contribute. And the second one is uh I know I was specifically looking at new industries or more within this the consumer industry.

I was thinking about how do I look at stuff within Europe and looking at a couple of um uh European centric CPG companies and I know we had a few people in in the community that worked for for for those organizations PNG and Unilever. I think Unilever was a good example. Um, so I reached out to them independently using the community and said, "Hi, we've had a we've been on the same couple of calls.

Do you mind if we have a chat? I'm interested about Unilver, interested about culture, I'm interested about prospects, um, spin-offs, etc." Um, and I found that that was quite a valuable insight as well, but which I wouldn't have achieved by randomly trying to reach out to Unilver people from a from a LinkedIn network for an as an example. Yeah, these uh our community does open doors for each other.

I want to ask you this question. You know, most people when they think about coaching, they think about a very um private setting uh where coach ask you very good questions and you self-reflect, right? You walk out of the place feeling more enlightened.

So, how do you feel about being in a group setting? How does this become a plus for you? So, I reflected a little bit on this as well, Tiffany.

Um, I think that I've always had this mindset that says coaching is a nice to have. Um, which I think is wrong, but I've always had that mindset like I can find most of that information out by reading books and and and information. So the sense of having it exposed to a broader community versus a one-to-one conversation I thought was going to be more valuable for somebody like myself than having a direct one-to-one conversation which is it is valuable but is also something I could probably have with myself.

Um so I found that actually quite appealing coupled with the resourcing meant that there was a practical value to it and I recall anecdotally one of our first meetings I actually came away from that meeting feeling quite uncomfortable thinking this hasn't gone very well because I haven't really been able to articulate myself in a way that I wanted to. Uh, and I think that helped me reflect a little bit around self-confidence, a little bit around the underlying assumptions that you put into your sentences that not everybody is always going to understand, but is something that you we we tend to lean on because that is our our unconscious or conscious bias. So, I felt that the way that you probed originally meant that it felt like this was more than just a individual coaching session.

Um, and that's one of the reasons why I why I signed up and and still continue to be part of the the academy. &gt;&gt; What would you say to someone who is now thinking about investing in themsel, but they were like, maybe I could do this by myself. Let me try another year or two and see how things are going for me.

What would you say to that? So, I would say that you you need to be first off, you need to be willing to be self-reflective and be willing to think that maybe you don't know everything. Um, which means you need to have that open mind, that open mindfulness of I need to be able to hear and actively listen.

People talk about active listening. And I think there's lots of people that are good at listening but not necessarily incorporating that information into how they're seeing the rest of the world. So that's one of the things that I always continue to strive at because I think that sometimes I might know something but I haven't really heard the full the full scenario.

So, that's the advice I would give to somebody that's thinking about joining is if you are willing to be open-minded and really hear what else is being said, um you can get more from these conversations than you can from individually learning, reading some material or or watching some other some other content. So, that's what I would I would say. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Craig.

And I have a few takeaways I want to share with you about how working with you it's like and I I think I respect and admire you in several ways and I want to share first of all is this moving family and we've all been there moving you you said uh you said with a lot of humor you said I moved across the pond moving from US having family there and I have wife from another nationality as well I have the same family uh same situation and to be able to moved to the to back to UK to your home country. I I think even it's home country but you really you know spend more than 10 years you didn't even live there. &gt;&gt; Yeah.

It's a big challenge and and second is um last year was according to a lot of people on market report saying one of the most difficult years in job market and regardless of what everyone is saying and what you actually are experiencing as well I have never seen the slightest of doubt and scarcity behavior from you've always come across really abundant and um confident So that's my second observation of plus your your resilience too. Um yeah I mean like what would you learn from your experience of this big change last year from life point from career point? &gt;&gt; I think 25 was a was very much a pivotal year.

It was a big a big change in year. Yes we have moved several times and we are an international family but it is hard. Um, and I think the learning that I always take from this is you have to prioritize the things that are essential at that moment.

There are lots of things that feel important, but when you break them down or look at them over a long period of time, they're not always as essential as they are in the moment. So, I was able to prioritize um the focus of moving the family, making sure the family was was comfortable. And I I'm I am part of that family, so I need to also make sure that I am comfortable.

And I think from a professional perspective, I I found 25 an interesting an interesting angle because I spoke with a lot of people, a lot of external networks, a lot of recruiters, a lot of internal people and everything everybody talks very positively and and openly, but there isn't a lot of practicality from it was always, oh, we might be this, there might be that. Um, and that could easily make you feel a little bit more down and and and negative. And I think I have to give a little bit of credit to my to my wife here.

She would always say if I felt stressed, she would pick up on it. She's known me for long. She she would pick up on it and she'd say, "You don't need to stress.

Something will come. There will be things available. It's just a matter of time." And and I think that was what I would say is true.

I would often feel a little bit maybe internally stressed and then go, "Well, actually, I've done what I need to do. There is nothing else that I can do right now. Um, so I don't need to go and find more things, more avenues to explore.

I can pick them up again the next day, the next week. &gt;&gt; So there was a rhythm that I could create that made me feel comfortable in what I was trying to achieve. And yeah, 25 was a was a challenging market year.

It did seem that there was a lot of a lot of challenges across there and that was coming to me from a lot of the recruitment side of things as well. So I was um quite pleased to find the few that opportunities that I did find and and very happy to land the one that that finally brought me back in well back in it was a new sector that was a a very interesting challenge as well. &gt;&gt; I want to ask you what would be your advice to somebody who maybe have very similar situation as you.

They have spent the entire career in one company and also relocating with the same company over time and developed from there and then they when it comes to the next step of their career they re they need to relocate again but this time with no certainty of where and what would you say to people like that I mean they of obviously everyone has family as well and have maybe young kids like yours. What would you say to somebody who maybe is in a situation like yours a few months ago? &gt;&gt; That's a it's an excellent question, Tiffany.

Um, and I've reflected a little bit on this. So, I I was with my company for for 18 years and felt very comfortable with them and been relocated many times with them and promoted up through the through the ranks. And I realized that during the time I kind of knew subconsciously that I was coming to the end of this cycle because I wasn't as productive [clears throat] as I could have been in the last year or so because I was more comfortable with what was happening.

And after I left the organization, I felt like that was that was real and that was true. And I should have been a little bit more harsh on myself to say you need to make a change. But I was comfortable.

So I didn't want to make a change. That change then obviously put us into a a situation that said look we're not I'm not going to be doing some work for a while. We are going to be relocating.

It took us a while to make that decision. We were contemplating staying in the US for for particular particular fiscal reasons. And then we thought actually that's not our endgame.

We're not going to want to be here over the next five years. Where do we want to be? We wanted to be back in Europe.

Um, and we knew the UK as well as anywhere else. So, we came back. And I think the advice that I would look at is you need to be really conscious about the long term.

It's not about the immediiacy of here and now. Because if I thought about the immediiacy of here and now, I wouldn't have left the organization. I wouldn't have changed country.

I would have stayed comfortable. And but I knew that wasn't necessarily where we wanted to be. And if there's an opportunity to make a change, make a change when we feel that there is the the right the right time to make that change.

So I think if you look at what you want to do not even in the next 12 months but 24 months and beyond those kind of changes are things that people can make now um and will only need to worry about them shouldn't need to worry about them if they are thinking long term. if they're thinking short term, it might be a reason that that you would uh struggle to want to make that choice. And it could be for career changes.

And I think that there are always those angles where people want to go and do something different, but they're scared about how they're doing it. And I think if you open your network as well, I had a lot of networks based conversations just finding people. In my experience, people are always willing to help and they are willing to talk to you.

You just have to be open enough to lean in and say, "I want to speak to So the advice is look longterm and and lean in and to a broader community. &gt;&gt; You have great advice. Thank you Craig.

Um and congratulations again not only for the big career move advancement but also for your family as well. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much Tiffany. Thank you for all of your support as