Hi Fabian. So you have just accepted an executive offer. Can you tell us what it is and what does it mean for you?

&gt;&gt; Well, my new role is a BP position. I'm going to be overseeing the supply chain for a beauty care company, a CDMO uh that is in expansion and is part of a back of a private equity uh group. Right?

So the company is growing, it's investing and what they are looking now is for one person and that that's me that knows about transformations that knows about uh manufacturing operations, supply chain operations and how to uh help organizations accelerate growth. So that's that's what the company is looking for. Now what it means for me a lot because I have been all my 18 years of career in the supply chain um disciplines um managing or leading people since I begin and I have been as a plan manager for four different businesses right now.

Uh so I was looking for something more strategic, bigger uh an opportunity to now step up and uh lead in a different way, right? More strategic, more from the top management. &gt;&gt; Fantastic.

Well, let's talk about your career journey then. You had an incredible career journey and I want to know um first of all, where did your career journey really begin? Where did you grow up and where do you call home these days?

Well, my career I'm a chem I'm a chemical engineer and microbiologist, right? So, my career started at PNG um as a process engineer from the floor shop and then I started growing up there and that was my academy in terms of knowledge. You know PNG is a very wellrecoognized company so you learn a lot from them.

So after that I decide to move out and start to explore how to create my own international career because I'm from Colombia. So I want to move out and there came some opportunities into that I have into the food industry. So I moved to that industry um to the dairy industry and that was when I have the first chance to first move out of the country.

So I move out uh to Chile, South America um and lead a site a very big site of dairy of milk. And that's where my career as a plan manager plan manager start. So that was my first uh plan.

Then I moved to um a different company that was Eolab and with them I lead sites in three different countries one Chile then Colombia and now they move me to uh the US. Um so that was the the like the final part and now the new chapter that is in the US moving to this beauty care company in uh California. &gt;&gt; Incredible.

Wow. And do you remember how you felt on our very first call? What was the main challenge at that time?

&gt;&gt; Sure. Yes. I I I obviously I remember how I feel.

I was to be honest I was feeling very I I I I was I was having some fear in my heart at that moment because why um the company I was working for I knew that there were some changes so there was going to be like a restructuring right and and I knew that some something was coming so uh I I was I was facing that challenge of okay something going to happen here what I'm going to do so that's when I joined the one person academy because I knew that I need some help uh in order to go to the next level. Um so I was feeling very afraid at that moment. I didn't know too much what to do to start looking for something new, something bigger.

Um I in my my my home country or Latin America, I used to have a very big network of people. So I can move freely. But in the US, I don't have too much network.

So I knew that I need to do something different. that was my fear where my fear was coming from. Um but the good thing is that after we start and working with with you uh it helped me a lot to like see or or build like a way to get out of that fear and start to like close chapters and open some new options.

So so but my feeling at that moment was fear. That was my my my feeling that &gt;&gt; and I remember that you were telling me that you actually have been boxed into certain roles plant manager but you actually want to move into something more strategic. Can you also share that?

&gt;&gt; Yes, that's correct. That's correct because uh for the last eight years I have been as a plan director in different business in different countries. So it was very difficult for me to think out of that box right.

So uh each of these sides was a very good learning because it was or a different industry or a wider scope or a different challenge or a different uh uh transformation and that was good &gt;&gt; but I didn't know how to move out of being just a plan director right so how can I start um thinking acting uh and being seen as more than a director and more strategic or more leadership top leaders hip style as a as a VP. That was an obstacle that I was having at that time. &gt;&gt; Why did you want to move out of a plan director kind of role and move into VP more strategic role?

Why is that important? &gt;&gt; Well, because of of for me that was important because of my career, right? I'm 41 now and I think I have done a very good job in this in these years moving up and that career making my international career and all that but I know that now from the 40s to the 50s I need to take the best of me and that was moving to a to the next level right so if I stay in the plan manager maybe I was going to lose a lot of energy and time in something that I already know how to do instead of using my energy and and exploring something bigger and new so I can take the best advantage of this 40 to 50s that is a a very important like stage of life you have to to benefit from &gt;&gt; so let's talk about learning what has been the biggest takeaway um working together &gt;&gt; well working together the first one is that it's it's okay to feel uncomfortable and you need someone to make you feel uncomfortable.

So uh I remember that the question that you were asking and I remember too much one of the questions that is why do you think that you can get something better because I was saying like a number in terms of salary at that moment and and and you say but why are you are you are you limiting yourself there and I and I was saying no because well that's what I think I need nothing more but like like like expanding and seeing that you can think even bigger it's something it's something that is my first learning you have to be uncom you have to be comfortable of feeling uncomfortable and having someone to make you feel uncomfortable right so that's my first um learning &gt;&gt; the second learning &gt;&gt; is that yes there there and you can see in videos you can see in materials you can have the material of the one person academy that help you a lot right because it give you like an structure to to to follow and the tools so you can navigate easy to create a new CV to change your objectives to have a an offer letter uh to to to to respond to an offer, right? But more than that, my second learning is that the process itself is much more valuable, right? So in that process, I learned that um um I have to rethink myself several times in that process.

I mean it was not just using those tools. It was using those tools to change my mindset. Using those tools to think about myself several times in a different in different ways.

And finally after some of those like like iterations something very good comes right and and and what what comes is that you gain momentum and things start to work. So as an example, I just start to look like, okay, I'm going to start to look, I'm going to see as a director, what can I do, what can I find, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. And then the switch come in and I change some things in my profile, my LinkedIn, my way of talking and then I start to see that the BP's uh offerings or or processes start to came in.

But it was giving them giving some time. So my second my second learning there is that that it's a process and you need to to give it time but you need to rethink about yourself several times. &gt;&gt; And the third one that for me was like a big learning is that you have you with the community that you have in the one person person academy uh is not only to have an space to talk about what you need but also to learn from others about their challenges.

And when you hear others, you you take some learnings, some ahas to you, some some some some some lessons that you can take from them that are even more valuable than just having a coaching session with one person. I mean sharing with all of them and listening what they have done, what worked, what didn't work give you ideas so you can even do better with what you are planning to do. So those are vital learnings.

&gt;&gt; First of all, let's go to the second point you mentioned about the progress and the process. At one point when you just came in, I I remember a number you shared with us. You said I've reached out by 22 different recruiters and even enter the interview process.

But you you said but they are all planted manager, plant director positions which I actually want to walk away from and now I would like to change my profile and get more vice president offers. And then the you receive less and you said I was I would like you to explain that journey with because I it was fascinating to listen to you of how you been through a high volume of recruiter reach out and then low and then exactly the type of position you want to have. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that was very very very interesting what happened there.

I I initially I was working again in the LinkedIn profile fine-tuning everything but I haven't I have I have not made the switch that I was mentioning right the mindset changed right so everything that I was receiving was very similar that what I was used to have before right so plan manager plan director site director something like that um but then I I said okay I'm gonna take the risk and I think that's the word I'm gonna take the risk And I'm going to change my profile. I'm going to tweak it in a way that that that that show more BP intention like like like a BP mindset. And I made that change.

And then during like two weeks, I saw that the that the that the recruiters were were not looking for me. And I I said, "Oh my god, what did I do? I I messed up my profile.

It's not going to work. I'm going to go back because I need to keep hearing offers or keep hearing for processes. But I didn't make that.

I stayed there for a while uh harvesting a little bit what I done with the profile sending the the the invitations um the posting and all that. And then after two weeks more or less things start to change and I start to get recruiters but for BP positions. So it was it was that those two weeks were like a crisis for me because I was saying I I'm I'm doing something wrong for myself, right?

Because not being here by recruiters or people is not good at linking level. But then I understand that things these kind of changes takes time and you need to keep pushing for them pushing for them and being like a little bit more resilient in that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I love it because it's very easy to fall back into the scarcity mindset of just go back to your old profile because you get more volume.

You feel like you're making progress because of the volume, but you are actually you actually are not really making a progress, &gt;&gt; right? And I I actually really admire you for believing yourself and trusting the process. I mean, on the other hand, you also have small child at home.

You have you're living abroad. You have that life pressure as well. And I could understand it's very easy to just let's just go back.

Let's just get any job, right? &gt;&gt; That's correct. That's correct.

And and yes, all that pressure of of of of having a family, being in in a different country with no support network there and with the the professional network very very like like very unmature uh was something that was an obstacle but I think for for not only that I now have this role and it's a better role but also that it has helped me to grow my network during this time. In all this process, I have learned I have I have met a lot of recruiters a lot. I have met some CEOs that have looked for me for in interviews for example, but for some other stuff also.

I have joined also uh like webinars with people and and now I can say that I have uh still on mature but not mature network and now I have something to to keep harvesting there. Right. So, so that's also another benefit that I'm taking from this.

And at the end, just to compare the numbers. So, yes, at the beginning there were 22 offer recruiters. At the end, I finished with 37.

And that's my number. 37 recruiters of all these processes. Like 14 of those processes were moving up with interviews.

Finally, I get like two, no, three of them with CEOs and I have at the end like two offers. So, so, so that was that was good at the end. At the middle, I didn't see it like like that like the perspective correctly.

I was seeing that I don't have an offer, right? But when I'm seeing now, it's like a pyramid, right? It start to grow up with time.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I want to say one thing here about your way of um learning and improving is incredible. Um I remember at one point you said I get a lot of interviews but I'm not really lending offers and then you start to work on your interviews.

Can you share with us about that process? &gt;&gt; Yes sure I since I was having like those 22 processes with interviews with recruiters and all that and I start to see that I was not moving forward. Right.

So my resume was working because they were looking for me. The link profile was working because they were looking for me. But when I get to doing the interviews, not all of them were moving forward.

So I start to say there is something wrong here. And uh well I decide to deep dive into it. I decide to record myself in some interviews send for feedback.

Uh I received feedback from from you and from the other on the on the of the academy and it improves. It improves but still was not enough. So I decided to make something different that was like uh listing all the questions that were more common and the ones that I was feeling more uncomfortable and and take the time to record just that question and set it for feedback.

So it was like a continuous improvement process of interviews of how to how to how to um talk during interviews. Uh, and it worked because at the end I was more um I I start to see that I was using more words that I needed. I start to see that I was not using the best examples.

I'm starting I start to see that the examples that were very strong. I was like um not showing them as with the potential that they have and also practicing a lot and learning as I'm not a native speaker or native English speaker. So I also need to fine-tune how to communicate the speed of the communication, the wording and all that is part of the process of getting better into interviews.

&gt;&gt; I know that before you accepted offer, you also talked with other members in this community to get their advice. So how has being part of the 1% academy community helped you beyond just the coaching? Well, it was, how can I say?

Well, the the word is it's a community because really you can ask for help. It's not just a network. It's just it's that community.

Why? Because um there was two different persons in the in the community that helped me to um participate on processes, right? to to to at least present to or make some some treat me like a referee for some of those processes.

uh in in there was other case that I I discuss with one of them about one of the offers that I get to understand the city to understand the salary around the area to understand well all the all the things around accepting an offer and also there was some other one that looked for me for help to to to guide her into how to use LinkedIn and start to tweak the profile. So it was a really give and get relationship that you can find there. Uh and the most important thing I think is that it's people that has like the same objective.

They want to grow. They are in good positions. They have a great potential.

They have a lot of experience. So you can really take benefit from that. So it's it's like the like the safe place to talk about these topics.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. How did the group push or inspire you in ways that you might not have managed on your own? &gt;&gt; Well, just because I was seeing that they were uh having very like top level conversations, right?

Because I remember some of them were saying, "Ah, this week I have a a conversation with a VP of something blah blah blah and and we discuss about that role. That was one one one one case. The other one I have uh an offer and there was a change in the offer and I I'm I'm asking for something else.

So I was seeing that it was a reality that you can really have those conversations with top level management. I think that it was a reality that you can really challenge uh processes of hiring. So I start to see okay so I can also behave like that.

I mean it's like like like seeing an example of something that is facing something similar gives you like more energy to kind of try yourself to do something like that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And how long did it take for you to reach this goal?

&gt;&gt; Six months. Exactly. Six months.

So I remember when I was talking with you the first time and we were discussing about uh going inside the program or not blah blah blah and and I was asking okay how much time it takes and you were saying like well for these kind of roles it takes like for three to six months and I was saying like okay I hope I hope I can get it in three finally it was six so it it's in the range right uh it it was six months right I think I think because it's a process I think my First three was myself working on on on me a lot &gt;&gt; uh of something that I I need to fix first and the second half was the more like um um like like the more uh how to say the fun part of it because it was starting to really like play with a a lot of roles having these CEOs conversations and having these like kind of of of opport opportunities to really um think that you can get some of this position, right? The first half was working on myself. The second half was, hey, let's play a little bit and let's enjoy the process.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. And back to when we first talked till 6 months later, you have arrived this offer. How do you feel now?

&gt;&gt; Oh, I feel very happy. There's no fear anymore. &gt;&gt; Why?

Yeah. Yeah. It changed a lot.

In fact, it changed a lot. And and I I'm I'm in my mind and in my heart, I'm I'm I'm willing to use all this in my benefit and not lose the momentum. Why?

Because during this process, I I got a lot of opportunities or invitations to go to uh seminars, to go to expose, to go right and and I didn't have the chance because uh well, I'm not working. So, they need someone that is really with a work email and all that. But now, I'm going to take all those opportunities and I'm going to build up my narrow and I I'm I'm going to keep posting because I know that that's that's harvesting for the future.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And and also now I have the opportunity to use these skills of of how to show myself in a different way because now in the role of VP I need to do it, right? That's the position I was looking for and these skills are going to help me there.

&gt;&gt; Yeah, fantastic. Congratulations. And um return of investment, what what do you say about that?

&gt;&gt; 50% more or 40% more increase in my salary. Uh that change there. Um and it's again it's opening the door now to compete for BP role that I know that they can be bigger right &gt;&gt; so I think it opened the door for even bigger for the future for me but my 41 years having now being on a BP for me is an achievement right I I I I I I was thinking that this was going to come at the 46 six or 47 or something like that.

Uh but 41 with a VP for me looks great. I mean it was more than I was expecting. &gt;&gt; Yes, absolutely.

Yeah. And what would you say to someone who is thinking about joining the program but they're thinking well I'm not sure maybe I can do it myself. I will just post on LinkedIn and um I'll do it by myself and I watch some YouTube videos then I can do this on my own.

What I will tell that person is that yeah they can like uh use all those tools but having a community that helps you to really navigate and see the blind spots that you have and fine-tune all your uh uh all your image and not only that to learn from them and from other experience is something that they are not going to get from a video. So the other thing that I will tell them is don't don't don't hesitate too much into joining the program because yes the program has an investment but that investment is not only the investment of the tools or the videos that you can also find something there. No, it's much more.

It's having a person that will help you that will help you uh responding some questions that you have for something urgent that you have a very important interview and you have someone to ask not only that that person is you Tiffany obviously but also you have a ask that person to the network that is there and that network is very focused on the same topic that you're looking for. So that's something that you're not going to have just by yourself there in in in in in with YouTube or or other material that you the more the more time you spend waiting for joining the program is the more time you you you lose into really work on yourself and helping you to change the mindset that get your goal that is a new job or growing up or whatever. But it's losing time instead of starting to use an community.

It's not necessarily just a network. It's a community and it's different the word, right? It's people there, but it's a community that is that is willing to help, right?

&gt;&gt; So that's bigger. That's different. &gt;&gt; Yeah.

How do you differentiate network versus community? network is is I have some people I know someone that has worked there or or or or or is connected to. Community is a a group of people.

Yes. Kind of same network because there are people but they are willing to help you. They are willing to cover you.

They are willing to back you up. they are willing to tell you something and they are also waiting for you to tell them something. So it's it's it's a different thing, right?

It's it's more like a again a safe place where you can uh have this kind of relationships. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. That's that's our community and we're all very proud of it.

I know that you have been you know sharing your journey and giving value and helping other members as well as receiving advices and the help from our members. So it's that's how also how I see a community that is yeah um you don't even need to ask for permission to get help in this space. People are just by default willing to offer their help if they can.

Maybe it's a network that someone they know that could help you to connect with the interviewers or it's it could be like you said I got the offer but I'm not sure I want a sounding board and then you have the community to help you to make the decision together. &gt;&gt; That's correct. That's the difference.

&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a difference. Finally, any last word for someone who is watching this and who were at your shoes six months ago? Uh yes, what I will tell to someone like me in my shoes six months ago, well, okay, don't be afraid.

Um it's a challenge to get to the next level. Yes. Uh but you can do it with some help.

It's going to make you think different. It's going to make you uh look different. But it's possible with some hard work, with some resilience from your side.

But at the end, you're going to see that it payoffs, right? So, so don't wait too much to take the step every minute you wait to start building yourself. It's it's it's it multiplies uh instead of really getting to your goal even sooner, right?

So, don't lose time. Start to work now. It's it's step by step and every minute counts.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. Thank you, Fabian. Um I'm so happy for you.

Um six months time you went from where you were as a planned director to now vice president position. I think it's a very big achievement, a big step. So congratulations.

Everything you did for yourself and the work you put in, the growth you have gained in this process have now all materialized for you. And it's just the beginning as you said. &gt;&gt; It's just the beginning of a new chapter.

Yes, &gt;&gt; exactly. And congratulations and um yeah, good luck with the relocation. We are here to support you if you need us again.

&gt;&gt; Thank you, Dean. Thank you very much.