David, you just hit an important milestone in your career. Can you tell us what it is? &gt;&gt; Sure.

So, I recently accepted a role I'll be starting in a couple weeks as the senior director of client services for a luxury retail company. And so, basically, I'll have full P&amp;L responsibility for their contact center. &gt;&gt; You have a very different background in innovation and AI.

So, how did you make this transition to the current role? Why is this role a career advancement for you? &gt;&gt; Sure.

Yeah. And I've um in my whole career I've really been pretty technical. I started as an engineer.

Um and I've been able to build some really great things whether it was in supply chain or whether it was in software development or most recently in AI. But what I really liked about all those roles was my ability to lead teams um and get more and more responsibility when I came across not just the technical part but all the other parts of the business. And so in my previous role, even though it was an innovation role, I was part of our customer experience group, which is a pretty large group within my last company.

And the people that I was looking up to, my mentors were those business line leaders. And they had different backgrounds than me. They weren't engineers or software developers, but they had great leadership experience when it came to to operations or customer experience or other parts of the business.

And so I tried to learn from them on like what are those key skills that they have and what are the things that I want to do in my career. So even though I had the more technical background, you know, working with Tiffany and the team, I was able to really position myself as not just a technical person, but really a leader within the function and a and a people leader for a large organization. And so when I was interviewing with it, I was able to position myself as that leader uh both strategically with innovation, but also as a leader for an organization.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. And how does it feel different now compared to just a few months ago? it is um the last two months or so I felt like my mindset and my excitement has has really changed right and you see the ups and downs through any sort of career when you're really trying to get to that next level all the work you put in all the networking you do um all those interviews that you do for roles that you think you would like but maybe you're not quite the right fit for and all that rejection but um you know trust the process right all the work that you do ends up paying off and as you start having those really great convers conversations with companies and roles that are a fit, you feel that momentum.

And so I I really felt that over the last month or two as I was talking with this company and meeting its executives, it felt like a good fit. Um it felt like a good fit for what I wanted, but also the way I was presenting myself was a good fit, right? I could see that the energy was being um mutually exchanged.

And so the momentum just felt really great. And then of course I think the timing is great with the holidays and everything like that. I felt like I had great conversations with them in December.

I was able to line up, you know, what looked like an offer, take some time, you know, Christmas and New Year's and now start the year fresh. So, just taking advantage of that serendipity of timing makes me feel really good. &gt;&gt; Um, last year you mentioned it was incredibly tough for you.

Why was that? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I think too, um, you know, when you think about anything, right, um, when you're when you're working on things, there's things you can control and things you can't control, right?

There's the internal and the external. I had a lot of external factors happening to me, right? My company was going through a lot of org changes.

I couldn't control that. Um, my father was going through some cancer and so I had to be there for them. Um, I also had some personal stuff at home, you know, with just kids in school and kind of taking care of uh three small kids, right?

So, you looked like, you know, up, down, left, right, and center. You had a lot of things that you had to take care of that were not part of your career. But for me, it was about kind of trusting the process, right?

Not trying to speed up and take anything that I could or go anywhere that I didn't feel like was the next step. It was about taking the time, taking care of those things personally, working on those things professionally that you have to and just trusting the process and each day trying to get a little bit better. And then over time, you know, things will start working out for you.

But, you know, sometimes sometimes you just have those years where nothing seems to be uh falling your way. Yeah, I mean I saw you on the calls and I never imagined all these things are happening in the background because you always show up very positive and you always cheer other people up as well in a in a call and not only that you help other members too. Um so I never really saw that background um that you going through.

&gt;&gt; Well, I appreciate that and so that's a I like that as a I think that's a compliment and u something I need to work on, right? which is, you know, I do try to compartmentalize, right? I do know that as a leader or as a professional, right, you want to show up for other people.

You don't want to be distracted. You want to make sure that you're there present, whatever the thing may be. Um, but then you also want to be human, too, right?

You also want to make sure that you're understanding and seeing what other people are going through so that you can be a a good friend or mentor or leader for them. So, I'm glad I was able to show up at least and not have all that on my sleeve. Um, but yeah, even it was always there, right?

It does take a little bit away from you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And what did you learn about yourself that you would not have learned without going through a year like this last year?

&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I think, you know, I've always felt like I was a resilient person. I think resiliency is a really interesting thing when when it comes to anything like personal, professional, what whatever you're working on.

Um I think we have a lot of we have a lot of fear and stress, right? I think just as humans and as you grow up in your career and I think sometimes you fear things before they happen and you can get through them when they actually do. So like I said both, you know, with the the scare with my father and what happened at my my career, I knew there was a lot of stress there before all those things happened.

And then as they were happening, I was able to manage them very well. I was able to manage my family, manage my time, manage my energy, manage where I put things through, and I was able to get through it. Right?

So, each day you focus on those things that you can control and you actually are much more resilient. You come out better the other side. &gt;&gt; What's your system?

What's your secret to build that resilience and have everything still in control even looks they were just really out of control? Um, so I took some advice from you for sure through the program. And so I think, you know, don't focus on the outcome, focus on the process.

And so the three things a day to do plus the three wins. So every morning, especially when I was focused, I would go and I would write three wins from yesterday, what I was proud of that I did. And then I would say, what are the three things I want to get done today?

Um, they could be professional, they could be networking, they could be applying for for roles, uh, they could be personal, like, hey, make sure you get outside and and work out. But I would be very focused on those three things that I thought were big things I could get done for the day and then do them. And then at the end of the day, I was able to kind of feel a sense of accomplishment, go spend time with my family, go unwind.

And I did that every day pretty consistently. And I just felt a lot of progress, right? I just felt like every day I was making progress.

And how's your father, by the way? How is he doing? &gt;&gt; Oh, he's really good.

He's cancer free. Um, so &gt;&gt; what? &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; we had months we had a a couple challenging months in there.

I spent a lot of time on airplanes going back and forth taking care of him and my mom, but right now he's doing really well. He's getting stronger every day. Um, we're trying to trying to see him in a couple months again.

But yeah, it's again it's just a new year, new outlook, you know, feeling pretty good. &gt;&gt; That's great. Yeah.

when you're at the bottom, right? The only way is up. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I know, right?

That's the other thing, too, right? Was like when you're feeling really really down, just be like, well, can't get much worse, right? So, everything in this direction is a, you know, it's a positive.

&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's so it's because of you as well. I think as I said, I mean, I never You mentioned it really briefly only once. You said this year must be the toughest year of my life.

I never really saw that. I mean, I never felt it too. Um, you never brought any any any any even the slightest the signals of you're going through some tough time.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, thank you. I I appreciate that.

Um, I know we talked about it earlier, but um I do I do want to be present. I do want to even if it's even if it's just that moment um something professional, right? Just be present.

Uh it gives everyone else that respect that they deserve, right? You're not in your own head about your own personal problems. Um but then you can also find those moments.

Um, but yeah, I mean this is I know this is personal, but I'll I'll give you a quick story. You know, I said like with the you know, maybe this was all a blessing the this challenging year because I had some time to say, you know, I can spend some more time with my dad. Um, and he was actually a little touch and go for a while.

I could just tell it wasn't quite going as planned and I hopped on a plane right away uh and spent a lot of time with him um in the hospital and I think I you know this exactly this energy this refocus just hey let's figure out the next day the next minute the next hour and we were able to pull out of it right and he was able to get out of the hospital and be home now and I've visited him a few times you know recently last few months and one of his buddies down the street I He, you know, those old guys, they kind of grab me by the arm and he looks at me and he just says and he's like, "You're the reason your dad's still here." &gt;&gt; And I was like, "What?" He's like, &gt;&gt; you know, you coming, that moment you came, uh, it totally changed the trajectory of his outlook and and his fight. And so that felt really felt really great that I was like, "Oh, wow. I really did make that impact for my dad." And and uh hopefully he'll be around for a few more years.

&gt;&gt; Oh, a lot more years. Of course. I I have no doubt.

I mean if they were you they will they will they will pause their career completely. That year will have not not so much to happen and then they will be more focused on being a victim of you know and and it it I think that partiate you as well of it's not just a job title. It's not just another job right it's about becoming it's about the process.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. And um the other thing too I mean I use so many sports analogies so I think I think they work for me but I also too felt like this point in my career was halftime right and so you realize like again you have a long storyried career like handle the ups and downs things will go slow things go fast if you worry about it every single day you're going to drive yourself mad but this was a great moment this year was like I'm like you know what it's halftime like what has gone well in my career so far what is the things I need to work on How do I use this moment to take a rest and maybe reflect and get ready for the second half? Because I really am about at that halfway point in my career.

So, it's like, okay, well, let's let's make the second half count, right? Let's use what we've learned. Um, let's focus on those things that will make me excited about that second half of my career and not just kind of go through the motions.

And when I took that, I was like, okay, well, I could I could take a year to figure that out, right? if this is only halfway through my life, what's a few months to really figure this out and figure out what you want. Um, so that mentality also helped me feel very positive and kind of ready for the next chapter in my career.

&gt;&gt; Um, I wanted to ask you the three big takeaway from our time working together. So if that count as one, you have another two you need to share with us. &gt;&gt; Okay.

Yeah, that was definitely one. That was my one thing, right? Trust the process.

Um, don't focus on the outcome as much. The second two are very practical which I felt like helped me especially in my time in my career. So the idea of your three-year vision, your resume, and kind of your leadership brand, that's very important to think about where do I want to go?

What have I accomplished? And how do I package that all up in a way that people can read, right? People are going to read your resume.

They're going to read your cover letter. They're going to read your emails. They're going to read you when you're talking to them, right?

I think getting that packaged together um verbally and written is very important. The other second part of that is the senior level interviews. Um so I felt like I said I was very technical.

I had great stories about things that I built and things that I did. But when I saw the types of questions I was going to get and the types of conversations I was going to get, learning how to answer those questions with the right frameworks on what's my leadership principle, what was my impact, what does that mean for the organization, how does that relate to maybe what I'm talking to this person about? So, I'm bringing it all together, practicing those, writing those down, you know, videotaping yourself and reviewing those.

Those are very hard but they're very practical good things to do as you start building up your brand around you know who you are, what kind of leader you want to be. &gt;&gt; Well, thank you for sharing this. And as we were just speaking before we start recording this, not only you have just landed a dream role, but you at the same time are attracting other offers, other opportunities to yourself as well.

You know, with all the work you put in, you are actually harvesting. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that that's kind of with the process, right? which is um those things pay off, right?

Things things take time, right? So, harvesting all those relationships um all those conversations, those can work out whether they're immediately in the short term. I have two other companies that I'm talking to now.

I am trying to figure out how to keep a good relationship, potentially talk to them, but um most likely not take an offer, right? because I'm interested um in starting with this other role. But over time those could pay off, you know, and then who knows, maybe things will in six months some things that I've done last year will start paying off and and then that next jump will happen even sooner than I expect.

&gt;&gt; Wow. And I want to ask you what it's like to be part of the 1% academy community beyond our coaching together. How did the group, the peers push you or inspire you in ways maybe you were might not have managed on your own?

Yeah, I think um I think for me, you know, I can't speak for everyone, but I internalize a lot, right? I'm I'm a I feel like I'm a smart person. I really work on things through my head.

I feel like I can always answer. I can solve all my own problems myself, right, if I just think hard enough. I think joining the community, right, just gave me different perspectives of other people that were I wouldn't say I don't want to say struggling, right, but at the same phase in their career, right?

I was seeing people from all over the world, different functions, different industries, but we all kind of had that same kernel of how do I grow, what's next, how do I, you know, show myself that I could take on more responsibility. And just seeing everyone's perspective, the types of challenges they were bringing for group conversation was great. I felt like some of those I could really help other people because they had similar situations.

Others I was just learning because, oh, that's really interesting scenario. I've never had that in my career. I wonder how they handled it.

And just having that network of folks that are coming from different perspectives but all with the same goal just felt like you, you know, you weren't alone. Like, oh, we're all we're all trying to figure this out together. This is nice.

&gt;&gt; What would you say to someone who is thinking about getting help or joining us, but they're thinking, well, maybe I could do this on my own. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, I was thinking about that question, you know, right before we came on.

And I'll take it from my my perspective, right? Like I I was saying, you know, I'm very um cerebral. I'm an engineer.

I'm all about building and figuring out those little problems on your own. And that had served me really well up until this point in my career, right? I was the guy who could build things, right?

And so I was like, well, this is just another challenge I have, right? Getting to that next level, becoming an executive, that's just another tinkering problem that I can figure out myself. But then I realized, oh, the set of skills that got me here aren't really what's preventing me from getting to the next level, right?

And you start going on that journey of like, okay, how do I learn how to be executive? How do I learn how to present myself a little bit better? How do I learn how to develop those skills to manage a team um or a broader organization, right?

You start asking more of those softer skill challenges. And then you find, you know, communities like Tiffany's, which is like, "Oh, wow. They're talking about people like me, but those skills that I just haven't developed yet, right?" Um, and so if you're asking yourself those kinds of questions, like, oh, getting to the next level isn't I just got to be a better coder or I got to be a better designer.

It's like, oh, I need to figure out how to become a better leader. If you're asking yourself those questions, then get outside help, right? Get coaching, right?

because you need someone from the outside giving you that honest perspective to help you on your blind spots, right? It's not usually a technical challenge. It's usually more that managerial leadership thing that you're trying to develop.

&gt;&gt; And finally, any last words you have for someone who is maybe watching this, watching you have already achieved your first milestone working with us and but they are still feeling stuck same as you. They were in the situation you were maybe a few months ago. What would you say to these people who's watching the video but feeling stuck in their career?

&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I would say it's amazing how much you're you're not alone, right? Like I when I first started, I felt like, oh, I must be the only one kind of going through this exact situation. And yes, my exact individual situation was was my own.

But as you worked with the community or or saw Tiffany's, you know, videos and content online, you're like, "Wow, she's really speaking to me. like this is how I am feeling and so as you're connecting with that like yes this is really resonating with how I'm feeling or what I want or what I want to do next um everyone takes their time how long it takes them to understand like what what should I do about it right and I always ruminate on it for a little bit but then I realize I needed to do something about it I didn't want to feel this way for so long that like yes I get it other people are going through this then it's like well what am I going to do about it right and I think taking that action working with an executive coach or just admitting that there's outside help that will get you to that next part in your career. To me, that's um the big part of it, right?

It's just that first step. Just take that first step. It can be awkward.

It can be scary. Um but just try that different thing if what you're currently doing isn't working. &gt;&gt; Yeah.

Thank you so much, David, for sharing everything. And I, you know, working with you for the past few months, I really I'm really happy for you. I'm genuinely feel you're so welld deserved for this position.

you just got and to be able to make that impact full P&amp;L operational role. It's excellent. It's it's just so good.

Like I I feel so happy for you. So well deserved. &gt;&gt; Thank you.

&gt;&gt; Thank you. I I appreciate it. Uh didn't come without it bumps and bruises, but I am gen I am generally excited, right?

I think it's one of those ones or just be open for that next thing, right? Which is um especially cuz all the stuff I was doing wasn't exciting me anymore. You know what I mean?

And I was kind of like, yeah, I could get that next role within this innovation space or this product director space. And it's it was fine, right? But it wasn't &gt;&gt; it wasn't exciting me.

It wasn't challenging me. It wasn't in the areas I knew I wanted to grow and learn more in. And this one is checking all those boxes.

Um, &gt;&gt; so I even used your framework. Uh, I think you had that you had that Excel chart when you're weighing different roles. Yeah.

&gt;&gt; And you know, it's kind of one through five. Um, and it it's simple, but it's super clean. like and I was going through like the three or four different roles that I was interviewing at and this was one that clearly was checking all of those kind of more those personal development goals.

I was like yes. So that would that was just giving me more energy. I was like yeah that this is the one for me.