So Vihan tell me where did your career journey really begin? Where did you grow up and where do you call home these days? &gt;&gt; Great stuff.

I think I started off um in India. Um I was a mechanical engineer by education and I started off in software industry. So in software technology services was my first uh industry that I started in working across multiple continents going through providing services to customers in Asia in US Europe eventually landed in the UK continued still with services then also moved into companies for um providing or being part of their technology teams um these were all tech enabled companies so com and finally now I'm part going to part of the product development company which is the core of technology.

It's proper technology company. &gt;&gt; Congratulations. We're going to talk about it.

Yes. So you've just hit an important career milestone. Can you tell us what it is?

&gt;&gt; Absolutely. I am joining a company uh which is uh close by here. Um it's a software product development company.

Um in my past as I said I was always part of technology teams but I was doing um software development as part of technology services. Uh companies that I worked for were Infosys and Sapient and uh other SAS providers. Then I moved on to companies which were um the technology enabled companies which would use technology teams to do the end business which was uh companies like 2E carnival and recently KFC.

Now I'm part of a company which is producing software as a product end product to sell which is a proper software development company. I'm taking the role of a director of technology there and uh it's kind of bringing all my uh aspects and skills as well as uh my aspirations together. I always love to be part of teams that are about innovation and growth.

This is an opportunity where uh almost 40 to 50% of my work is going to be innovation and growth and that's the really exciting part of uh what I'm looking forward to. &gt;&gt; What does it mean for you to achieve this milestone cuz you had a lot of opportunities coming along the way and um you particularly choose this opportunity. Why?

&gt;&gt; Yes. So I think over the past one one and a half year um I I was very different about a year ago. I wanted to just grow grow grow in the same uh in the same um role and I wanted to make sure that I can uh go ahead and just continue with my CDO CTO role and continue growing in bigger organizations which are tech enabled.

But then reflecting on what I really want to do and what brings me happiness and what makes me uh get a good feeling at the end of the day, it was where I thought product development and uh software development was kind of my gig. I'm I'm more technology uh oriented and I I love being part of technology teams. I love building things.

That's where I thought this role was really key. The other thing is the people that I'm going to work with, they all are like me. They all are they all are Tik Tok.

Even the CEO writes code. So I think I why not give it a chance? Why why not work with people who are very similar?

And uh yeah, this is where uh I chose this one. &gt;&gt; Yeah. How does it feel different now compared to maybe just a few months ago?

I think it's kind of peaceful when you know where your skills are and when you know that your aspirations and things you're working it's not a part-time job you're doing every time you want to try and do something which you really like you have to spend extra time out of your 9 to5 hours to do that because finally you are working for your own satisfaction as well if that becomes your main job then you are at then you are at peace I think that's what I I'm looking forward to &gt;&gt; yeah I can feel that. Do you remember how you felt on our very first call? What was life like before?

&gt;&gt; I do. I do. I absolutely vividly remember that.

I think it was that phase of my uh phase of my career when it was I was just doing anything and everything to become uh or to grow in my role but nothing was hitting and I was just blindly weeding my sword in all directions to do everything that could be possible. I that's not the way to do it. And I think over the past uh months where we have been working together, I kind of took a step back to say do I really want to do that or can I give myself a good thought of what exactly is that I'm what are my strengths and how can I use to build my uh career on the strengths that I have?

what things I don't like and I don't need to focus on that or probably if I don't like but are important can I turn it around to see if I can uh what are things that I really can do to make sure that I even if I don't like I'm actually good at doing it so that I it's not dropping out of my career. So this when I when I look at that I'm really a very different person than I was about a year year and a half ago. It took time.

It took time when to get to all these stage because uh I know when we first started I was like okay let's just do it one go and I couldn't because it wasn't it wasn't happening and to I started realizing that changing oneself is as big a project as climbing Mount Everest or Machu Picchu. You are probably picking up the biggest project of your life &gt;&gt; and it takes time to do all these things. So it that's that's probably where I think uh I am now that and I think it's not done yet.

There's a lot of things uh that I have to still do to change my uh change myself and my trajectory. It's an ongoing process. So just keeping an observation on what can uh what is required what can be done and what are my limitations and what are my strengths that just it's on wheel it's a change that I have gone through &gt;&gt; to understand what should be done &gt;&gt; yeah you said you're a completely different person now what are the biggest difference &gt;&gt; I think one of the key things that I've changed in um in looking at things that were holding me back one as I said stepping back can bring up the clarity.

The second one is I think from in the discussions that I realized that I always think from my point of view. I used to think from my point of view and now I've started thinking from uh what the other person really wants and why how can I help? Why would he engage or she engage in the discussion with me?

What will be the benefit uh of getting things done? It's kind of working from a win-win situation. Yes, I want to do things but I also want to make sure that the other person wins from what I am actually there to hand over that making that part of your uh of your day-to-day routine is what has changed now and that takes time because that's what it took the maximum time it I know for the first few months I was like okay I have to do these modules I'll just do these modules and blah there will be a magic uh that will be happening and I'll get what I want but I didn't because I was not actually implementing ing in my day-to-day life and now once I started rewiring how to do everyday activity that's probably one big change that I have gone through which is thinking from the other person's point of view &gt;&gt; and uh see how to do some areas which struck really hard was the uh objection handling how I I never realized that in picking in trying to prove myself I was proving somebody else wrong and not the intention but probably didn't have the skill to do it.

So consciously getting that uh ingrained in day-to-day that's probably what has changed. &gt;&gt; Most people don't think they come to this program will learn how to handle objections. Tell us more about it.

&gt;&gt; Oh wow. It was just an eye openener. I I used to do it so many times unconsciously and um it became uh that was a key change that uh allowed me to have a proper conversation, a meaningful more respectable conversation because when you try to object someone and the way I was doing it, I realized I was offending a lot of people and unconsciously I never intended to do it but it's just my style that was not right and my way of approaching that problem was not right.

But having realizing that this could mean a different thing to somebody else and having that clarity of you I can still object to the point keeping the respect that person has and making sure that we can have a meaningful discussion gave a lot of uh help it in all the discussions that I've had in the last 3 to four months. I've started using that objection framework not just for the interviews that I've gone through but I also for the uh for with my wife with my with my son with my with my dad it's all about it's all about how do I make sure the respect is still maintained and the point is discussed &gt;&gt; yeah amazing exactly objection handling framework is not just used for like job job interview for example somebody say hey you have great profile but you don't have this specific ific experience maybe maybe it's like you have never let a P&amp;L you have never led a global team it's all this kind of argument but this objection handling framework is not just used for the job interview we actually you can use it in life in meetings with your colleagues with your peers with your partners with your suppliers that you need to negotiate with &gt;&gt; yeah I I think it is a great eye opener of why uh how others feel it's also a tool which helps you immediately connect with uh somebody else's thinking because the moment you start you you start going in the right direction you're acknowledging what they are doing right and once once you start acknowledging what the other person feels that's where conversation starts and I think it was a great uh shift for me to understand that uh I need to change that uh way of uh way of my handling objections and it was a it was a big change It takes time and effort to uh implement but uh it is a big change. &gt;&gt; I really like I really like what you're saying here because the whole process most people come to me and they say how can I convince them?

How can I persuade them? Right? How can I handle conflict?

It's not about persuading them. It's not about convincing them. It's not about to win the argument and prove you have a point.

All of these you are never going to win. Right? Because if you win, you lose.

You lose, you lose in any argument. So don't try to win it. Try to win the person.

Try to win the trust. Try to win the job opportunity. Try to win the sponsorship.

That's what we want to win. But we don't want to win that argument. &gt;&gt; I completely appreciate and I think this is exactly what I have gone through.

I mean in the process of uh in the process of winning an argument, in the process of winning a debate, we lose the person. And that's where at at the end of the day, we have people colleagues who we want to work with. But if I don't have the right process, I'm going to lose um that.

And it is a realization. Again, I have lost a lot of people. I have made lots and lots of mistakes.

I'm candid about it. But I think this change that has gone through has has given me a good process of uh observing myself at the same time correct a process to correct myself too. and say how can I make sure that the mistakes that I have done in the past are not the mistakes that are happening in the future at the same time it's a better way of handling everything &gt;&gt; once you once you see it you cannot unsee it it's part of your uh it's it becomes part of your life &gt;&gt; yeah you're already sharing your biggest takeaway from us working together now so okay um what else &gt;&gt; I think there's there's lots there's lots these are just the top takeaways that I uh think we have looked at but I I know that joining uh the sessions uh with other uh people who are sharing few things I realized is my problems are not unique they are a problem of everybody else because if every every person who's joining uh another company or who is feeling stuck at the same role or who is trying to make something out of their career is having exactly the same experience that I'm having and how can that be unique that realization of that the problem is unique and that other problem other person is the problem or the situation is the problem and I'm not I'm always correct that realization is it's not unique it's my problem and I can solve it that that came out very well in our sessions that it's it's I have to change to make sure that the situation has has to be in my favor &gt;&gt; yeah you're talking about the community being part of the 1% academy peer group so &gt;&gt; how did peer group push or inspire you in ways that you might not have managed on your own.

I think it is just hearing down their stories and making sure that whenever I join I listen to the problems and the solutions that they are trying to do the questions that they ask and the inhibitions that they have from themselves of why I can't do this or the fears that they express &gt;&gt; understanding and relating to them was that was probably I felt the same fears I felt the same inhibitions I felt the same problems. I was thinking in the same on the same lines. I had similar problems.

I I had blockages which I had to rewire and say that's not the right way of thinking. Let me put it in a different way. And things change.

So I think watching my colleagues on that uh call to going through their uh process and trying and and pushing through and succeeding and and it's well failing and trying another way of doing it. That's what inspired me saying it's a process that I you have to go through try again and again. &gt;&gt; Yeah.

and behind you are pretty introverted and it's exactly the same with everyone in our program currently and um how do you feel about being in this group because a lot of people have this concern oh I can't open up when I'm in front of others and um I there are a lot of things I don't feel comfortable talking about um especially my challenges with others. How do you feel when you're seeing our group and how we being transparent and just vulnerable? Tell me your experience here.

&gt;&gt; I think yes that's that's one of the things that I faced initially and I keep on facing at time to time because each problem of opening up each vulnerability is different uh and each vulnerability has different roots in you. You feel more vulnerable sharing something and less vulnerable sharing. I was I became comfortable sharing where I was feeling less vulnerable and things which were easy things which are really difficult they took a while but it's a habit I think if you keep on sharing and you see the community coming back and helping then it becomes much easier to share more and become a bit more transparent you that's a process that happens and it I was I was really holding back a lot uh before but slow but when I saw that everybody wanted to help and nobody was judging and everybody was in the same boat.

It was it it was kind of peaceful at that time say it's okay I can I can share a little bit more and as you know it took time for me to start sharing but uh I feel much more comfortable &gt;&gt; the way we share also has changed because of the practices that we implemented in changing the mindset and changing the this negative way of sharing became a more way of this is a that's a problem that we are looking at instead of looking down on me I started looking at what is the actual issue that we are uh facing and how do I go about it. So it also helps building your rewiring the way you uh put your problems through and uh then start talking about uh what could be a solution to that problem and that's how it helped. &gt;&gt; Yeah.

Was there something someone in a group said that really stuck with you today till this day? I think there's a lot of things that people have shared like one of the things that Vive mentioned like keep the once he decided keeping negative thoughts out and uh getting uh getting a positive day that just struck me how how quickly he could switch and I have given a good amount of uh thought about how do I keep my negative thoughts at bay how do I uh how do I ensure that the inner voice that keeps on uh driving you keeps I keep it in check and make sure that I can drive it in the right ction &gt;&gt; that one struck the journaling part uh struck a lot we've discussed about how journaling I used to meditate and you asked you were suggesting journaling why not do the best of all areas that's something that um someone else mentioned that I'll try both and I said okay that's something that picks up I can do both of them &gt;&gt; so these are things that have uh that have helped a lot &gt;&gt; yeah it's really interesting most people come to this program thinking they're going to practice is writing executive CV, how to talk to the recruiter and and how to go to job interviews or how to have a sponsor and everything you just talked about here is not that. Tell us how does that how does that connect?

How does that journaling mindset work helped you and enabled you to achieve this step? I think that's a fundamental shift that happened and to be very candid uh Tiffany I came to the group ex thinking exactly the same and it is it is when I realized uh that I needed to change I had to drop and I have to take a longer project of changing myself it became a habit of thinking about what long-term changes I want to do in myself and that looking at the 10ear goal the 20 year goal and your life's achievement ment of what really you want to do at your end of your life. How do you want to see your life driving in that direction and then breaking it down into smaller and smaller and smaller pieces coming down to a quarter and then planning 12 weeks what actually you want to do in your uh next 12 weeks.

That approach was not clear to me on day one. I was just starting off I want a job let's do it in 12 weeks and I want to do this let's do it I want a promotion let's do this in 12 weeks but then realizing that job and promotion was not actually how it's going to help me in my life but how do I change my entire thing that aha moment was uh very different and journaling did help in reflecting to say I was thinking very different now I think very differently I in in once you start putting things on paper it somehow I think it becomes a bit more uh ingrained in you. Even if I type, it doesn't become that ingrained.

But if I write, it definitely becomes more ingrained than typing. So that helps. That helped a lot.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Breaking down, planning, visualization. Uh those were the key areas which uh I started looking and to be very candid, these are all things I've started putting in action.

Once that aha moment starts, then you start putting things in action. And last four months have been absolutely fantastic. Changing the entire way I used to be and work.

Now it's very very different. &gt;&gt; Yeah. For anyone who's wondering what is this?

It's a mindset uh program. It's not really well to get these are the system you build. This is how you operate as a person, how you feel every day, right?

How you want to who do you who do you want to become? And this is the process leading to the end result of landing that role that you actually fulfill fulfilled. But this is the system.

Once you have the system, the result is just inevitable. If it's not this month, next month you will achieve it. &gt;&gt; Next month.

&gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. I think that's that's exactly what uh I think people should be taking part and taking away from any uh any or everything that they do.

It's that have faith. Have faith in your system. Have faith in the way you work and work out what you really want.

Because a lot of times people don't know what they really want. The biggest change that happened in me was to understand what I really wanted. Having that clarity of what I want was a has been a problem for a long time.

I have been flowing my career through uh changes that happened to me. I just it there was an opportunity I joined and it was there and then somebody asked me would you go there? Yeah, it went there.

I never consciously build my path by saying I want this and I'm working towards it. It took me a while to realize that what I even if I don't know what I want, I definitely know what I don't want. So eliminating things on my plate gave me a good level of things to say okay if I eliminate all these what's left and this is what I want.

Yes, probably this is what I want and then start building. That process itself was a very long process for me to find out what I would do really want to do. &gt;&gt; Yeah.

And once you have that clarity then things starts becoming easier to understand this is exactly how we want to plan. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Yeah.

What do you feel will be the main things you will carry forward from this experience working together? Obviously you are still in our membership. You are still in with us but just from what we have worked on in the past few months in a year what are the three things you will carry forward?

not basic three things but I'll tell you three top things that I can I can go carry forward a lot of things but the top thing is uh the journaling planning uh defining and getting the day planned out that is that is something that I'll I'll probably imple I'm carrying forward through uh every day now again as I was mentioning object planning is one of them that's one of uh the big things and I think uh another uh thing that I'm carrying forward is how do I uh discuss us and negotiate more to a stage where we are uh where we are handling the elephant and not the rider. Uh where people work at an emotional understanding people at what drives them. Um we have done a few uh practices and and we have gone through a few uh sessions on why how to understand what's happening in a discussion.

I think that's probably I'll uh take forward and these are top three things. Loads and loads of other small things uh that are still on the list. &gt;&gt; Yeah.

What would you say to somebody who is thinking of joining us but they are not sure yet. Maybe they say well I would do this on my own. I I'm not the kind of person who would invest in myself.

What would you say to somebody who is still hesitating? &gt;&gt; They can do it on their own. I think they will probably uh realize that when they start doing it on their own they and I was one of them.

I wanted I I was obviously thinking about uh think I can read books, I can watch some videos, I can go through the uh a little bit of coaching on uh smaller things. Why why join a big community like this and put a commitment in? I used to do that for years.

I've done that. It's possible but the but you can deviate from your path very easily. It's something that will happen but you sticking to a routine and sticking to a a structured way of approaching things and taking guidance and mentoring from people who have been there done that is very different to reading a book and uh reading watching a video on YouTube and going through and having uh um having someone like you being to answer questions and the community to answer the questions as well has a very different effect than just reading reading a book and marking it saying this is something that I need to because there's no feedback of whether I'm doing right or not when I'm reading a book and you that process is very long it will happen you can still do it it will be a very long way of uh doing it and I personally think it it has helped me cut short my 10 years of learning into uh the smaller period of time &gt;&gt; yeah thank you for that and um a few weeks ago we met each other in London with the rest of our community in UK.

&gt;&gt; Oh, it was great. It's a part of networking, right? I mean, what do you do as part of networking?

You just know people in different industries and just know people on what their roles are. And I think as the more we grow in our role, the more our role is about people and knowing them and knowing across industries and making those connections genuinely knowing what the person what clicks for them and what doesn't click for them. It's an exercise.

They may we may not actually work together but it's a it's a place where you practice of how do you network and how do you know about other people and how do you genuinely connect with people and people who are at the same level but in a very different uh industry and at times learn a lot because again as I was saying earlier that um learnings are the same it's problems are almost the same everywhere and then you realize is when they share face to face how authentic it means. &gt;&gt; Yeah. it becomes very uh very I think simple to understand things and walk through them when somebody's there explaining alongside face to face &gt;&gt; and Vha you're a very generous person because a lot of time I talk with certain members in this program they always tell me oh I talked to Vha and he told me do this he g me advice of this he shared a tool that is amazing uh that now till this day is still using it you're such a general generous person.

Not only I mean of course everyone could come to this program to learn to to to take um content and ideas and and mindset and the process and the system of this program but also everyone is giving a lot as well giving back and giving to the other members. What's your what's your view on that? &gt;&gt; I think thank you for acknowledging I'm generous but I think that generally people in the community are very generous and wanting to help.

I've reached out to a few and all of them have uh always helped. Um they have given me a different perspective at times. They have given me tools and some immediate steps I can take for take for uh doing things.

So I it's the kind of community that we are building like it genuinely when you start looking at uh what challenges are uh once you start facing common challenges you start solving the common problems as well and that's what people are sharing that if I can share I I can definitely bring somebody else's uh problems on the table and say it's easy to solve this why not &gt;&gt; amazing it's so valuable to have you and I'm really grateful to have you in this community and uh even very very happy for you. I'm very so I'm so happy for you that you achieved this milestone and seeing how happy and fulfilled and as you said peace achieved the peace with yourself &gt;&gt; that is I think that's very important I think sometimes we run and a lot of times we run after uh goals which are always going to be more money uh role bigger uh authority but at times when you step back do you really want to do that of course if it comes there's no harm in doing it if you enjoy doing it as well no harm in doing it. But if it comes at a cost where you're not enjoying it and you are stressed out all day and you somehow dragging through the week and at holidays become a time where you are still thinking about your job and being stressed then that's not what you want.

Not always more money, more power, more authority is going to be useful for you. realize taking time to realize that and taking a step back has been a very very uh peaceful and I think freeing the chains experience for me. &gt;&gt; I mean I'm you feel the freedom you definitely feel the freedom saying I'm I'm okay it's all fine.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. And finally, any last words for someone who is watching this video and they feel stuck, they feel stressed, they feel frustrated in where they are right now. &gt;&gt; There is a lot I can share.

I think that what we have discussed is quite key for uh for everyone who's uh who's planning uh to change that always it's easier to blame somebody else for your failures or the feeling of being stuck and there are somewhere you will that somebody will be responsible but there are more things that you can do yourself to make sure that things work the way you want them to work and you just need to discover what how to get things done. I think that's where it will be important for them to realize that there is a destiny that they can shape and rather than uh letting their destiny in hands of somebody else. I could easily sit down and blame my boss for not giving me a promotion.

Easily do that. Anybody can do that. I can easily tell ask somebody saying it was my uh I did not get a salary raise because uh this happened and you did not consider that but what did I do to make sure that that happens when you shift that mindset it's a maximum potential that you unlock I personally think everybody can and it it as I was saying they can do it on their own as well but it'll take 10 years to realize or maybe 15 years or they'll probably never realize they'll beat around the bush having that feedback session of uh going in the community learning from others and getting that feedback session is so critical to squeeze that timeline and say yeah what can be done can change immediately.

&gt;&gt; So well said. Thank you so much V and congratulations again. &gt;&gt; Thank you so much.

Thank you. Thanks to you for uh helping me out and uh putting me on the right path. &gt;&gt; A pleasure.

The pleasure.