So Andre tell me where did your career journey really begin and where did you grow up and where do you call home these days? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh so last uh two weeks I work uh for my uh new company for the Mandelas.

So, nonetheless, it's a well-known um well-known global corporation uh who owns iconic brands like Oreo, like um Philadelphia, Milka, Tableron. So really really big company and I responsible there for the cluster. So uh check cluster this is very important cluster because uh we have here one of the biggest factories in Mandelas uh and the biggest in Europe and the factory is still growing and my task here uh to be responsible for the operational excellence improvement of operational excellence for the cluster.

We have three plants in in total plus I am responsible for the uh cost savings for the cluster. So uh that we deliver our cost commitments to the company plus uh I also responsible for the digitization program. So really a big big scope.

Uh but uh before this for 17 years I was working for Proctor and Gamble. So and uh during that time uh during different period of my career I was responsible directly for manufacturing of such brands like Ariel, tight, fairy um always Naturella and uh till certain moment of time it was like a classical career in manufacturing. So all was was in manufacturing.

So I started the process engineer department manager and then at certain moment of time I took a pose in my career. I went to the sabbatical leave and uh I spent this one year in Cyprus to study an MBA. I really wanted to understand deeper how the business works, what is marketing, what is behind finance happening.

So and then at this point I uh rejoined uh PNG but uh a bit switched my uh career path and I became the factory HR manager. one of the best assignments I ever had honestly speaking and uh then uh after that uh I was yeah I was a charm manager for three years and then I was promoted to director level and came back to the manufacturing and moved to another factory in Ukraine but then unfortunately the war started and we as a family moved uh abroad. So we moved to the Czech Republic and um yeah and it was really like a turbulent period and uh I really thankful for the PNG that they were trying to to help us and the PNG at that time found the my wife is also PNG that time and company found role for her in Czech Republic and for me in Budapest and then we say that okay fine like it wasn't the moment where we were thinking a lot we wanted just some stability in our life and we say okay um we accept this and we hope war will finish soon and we will go go back home.

But uh basically after like one more than two years and now it's already three and a half years the war didn't finish and we realized that uh we want to like not want but we need to find the new home for us and um that we want to find a new home country which is Czech Republic and actually this is where we um met each other Tiffany. So uh this is where uh I realized that I need some help with this. So because I had a really good uh role in Budapest.

So I was um I was um operations director for very big uh part of the business. I was happy about the role but I wasn't happy about the setup. So and uh basically this is how we meet and yeah the next chapter of my life and career just started two weeks ago.

This is super exciting and I love your story so much because this has such a bigger meaning than just a career goal or income goal or just you know contribution in terms of what you can make in uh enterprise. What does this mean for you now that you have achieved this milestone? &gt;&gt; Yeah.

Yeah. Uh so um I feel for sure happiness and I mean don't take my answer as a as a banel. Yeah.

So I mean I uh I feel happiness because considering the background which I explained I finally took my life and my career under control that now it's like everything is going how I plan. So this is my choices and uh this is my way because all what was happening before like three and a half years it was uh rather uh compromises. So you try to adapt to the circumstances and uh once you again take it under control you feel uh happiness which you maybe not realize during like when you don't have such problems um in your life.

&gt;&gt; So yeah I'm I'm I'm happy. I'm enjoying &gt;&gt; what I mean. What was it like for you when you were living in one country and your wife living live in another country and your home country was under the conflict with with Russia.

So how how was it how was it like to live that way? Uh yeah I have to say that um yeah to to live it it was my f yeah I was living in Cyprus as a foreigner but I was studying I was focus on study and I I understood when it's when it start when it finish and and I knew that I have to focus on my study but when you change the country for the work for the leave then of course it's um it's a interesting experience so you have to adapt and um and uh then yeah we moved to Czech Republic and then after Czech Republic I moved without my wife already to the Hungary which was for me like for the last for like 12 months period the second country. So, and then uh yeah, you have to you have to you have to really really be uh adaptable for this.

And I think that this is a good skill because uh I think that it makes me like um I mean I try to to apply like growth mindset uh concept here and I think that I know now what does it mean? I know like challenges which you will face, how what you will feel, how to how to manage all this. So it's it's different but absolutely necessary I think if you want to build your career internationally.

So &gt;&gt; yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Super.

Yeah. You you are now going into the big takeaways and learning. So let's go there then.

What are the three things that you think you take away from us working together? &gt;&gt; Uh three takeaways. uh so actually there are a lot of but I will try to distinguish let's say uh the main the first point which the first thing which I learned uh this is um regarding the mindset and this is one of the first um lessons which I um which I took from the program and you talk a lot about mindset and um this is um like yeah we hear they hear about it like it's like mindset is important but um but um uh like how you explain it then when you say that if you like don't change the input don't expect the other output and uh the way how you explain it uh I I felt it a bit differently and it was like eye opening for me honestly speaking so that is why I would say the mindset and this is a soft skill and this is not what you can learn you have to practice it you have to you have to of course maintain this but the mindset is absolutely important so this is number one thing which I would say is if you want to change something in your life in your career so you need to have special mindset um uh second point which I also learned from you and which you uh I think repeated uh first time when I met you during the workshop you say that in in the career it's not about you it's about them.

So uh that uh you need to uh you need to uh care about the the the people with whom you interact maybe with decision maker and then they will care about you. I mean make it make it about them. So this is also um this is also a big learning for me.

Um then um maybe uh also importance of having the right uh CV uh right LinkedIn profile because I was thinking that and not I I mean my thinking was not on the required level so to just to list what you have done even if it's a great achievements uh I mean you may let's they underell it. I mean uh because uh it's it's it's about your perspective how you position yourself and sometimes you may have very good uh very good records uh which you can share but you just don't able to explain them that the person who listen to you with whom you interact understand that really your impact. So uh that is why I I learn how to how to position myself uh from this uh from this uh angle.

So these are like um Yeah. And maybe one more like a bonus bonus. &gt;&gt; Bonus.

Yeah. Uh I think you also mentioned it during your workshop when I met this is where I met your first time. Uh it was about the two cars which are like uh the same like Audi I think and Mercedes for example which on the same class and it's not about features.

Yeah. And there is something else and this is very powerful. And this is very powerful.

I even use it for some in some conversations with my colleagues and they immediately jump on it and then they also use it in another conversation. I heard about it. So it is very powerful.

&gt;&gt; Yeah, I come from automotive. I love you use cast as our analogy. So what what we mean here is um as you are in entry level job to middle management you you it's a bit like your first car, right?

You you make sure it's it's you can drive it has all safety features and it's functioning. So it's not like you're not going to the luxurious thinking, &gt;&gt; but as you go from middle management to the next level, &gt;&gt; right, to to continue to progress forward, it's a bit now you it's a bit like you enter the luxurious car range like BMW, Audi, and Mercedes. When you go to this car range, you no longer ask which car has more features.

It's like &gt;&gt; do you have more experience than the other person? It's not necessarily that kind of comparison. the person who has maybe the most features get the job.

It's about the branding. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; It's about what &gt;&gt; it's about how they tell the stories &gt;&gt; because there's absolutely no difference.

Like you can't find a feature in BMW, but you don't find in Audi. They have plenty of features. So, you're not going to be win this.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. You're not going to win through this competitive landscape by just having more experience, have more delivery, have more KPIs, have more performance. Yeah.

Yeah. No, it it is this is very powerful. So stay with me I think forever now.

See &gt;&gt; I'm glad. I'm glad. So you talked about CD and I want to I mean your story is amazing cuz when we started and you told me okay I I want my goal is I would like to reunite with my wife and we could actually live together.

No not like you were commuting. And um when you talk about it felt such a far away goal to you &gt;&gt; and it was within a very short amount of time that you got model reach out to you. Can you tell us this story?

&gt;&gt; When I when I met you first time it was like a workshop which you did and then uh I I was I wasn't like happy about my setup. Um but uh I I say I I just took a note that okay there is a Tiffany Chang uh very interesting maybe I will use uh this contact once and then like in couple of months I will I I reached certain point that I understood that I need to I need to I need to change something and then we we met I we had a onetoone as you as you as you usually do and um yeah and my impression was like uh that yeah you really know what are you talking about and um really like uh you are the person whom I can I can trust but uh the biggest um let's say uh and also I realized that I reach I reach the the point where I have to make like commitment that if now I'm in there is no anymore like procrastination there is no like excuses It's not like, you know, uh like if you check the Harvard uh YouTube channel, they have like 1.3 million subscribers and more than half of their videos just maybe have 2,000 2,000 uh reviews. So, which mean that there are millions of people who sub subscribe for the Harvard say, "Oh, okay.

It's a Harvard, it's a great brand. I subscribe and maybe I will watch some video once." But they never watch. So, and this is this is the point.

So, and and I reach I was at the point where it's not like anymore like maybe I will consider but maybe not. It's like if I'm in now I it's about the commitment &gt;&gt; and uh like yeah I I say okay I'm fully committed so I want to change something and I started to work and uh basically yeah and um I did some fine tunes in my in my LinkedIn just uh and it's never ending story I mean you all the time need to maintain it but I I I I reset it reset up it and then I knew like um some already some um good uh good hints from Julia from the program and then yeah the opportunity just appeared and I just jump on it and uh at the end we are now at the point where I am. So this this is it.

I mean it's about commitment I think you need to you need to start. H how long did it take you to go from um I I decided now I need to change and then you you really commit to yourself and but also us working together I hold you accountable as well but you are very disciplined person and until you're now current you know employer discovered you how long did that take &gt;&gt; uh I think it was like um two three weeks I think something like this two three weeks Yeah, &gt;&gt; it was I remember it was very fast. &gt;&gt; Yeah.

Yeah, it was very fast. Exactly. And uh yeah, two stra weeks.

&gt;&gt; How do you feel, Andrew? You made it happen. &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, ex I'm I I I'm I'm proud honestly speaking.

I I proud that um I of myself. I mean because uh it's a it's a big challenge. Uh like a lot of a lot of things.

It's not just people say sometimes I will find another job. I mean it's it's not like this. I mean yeah some job maybe you can find but to find the right job the job which you will like that the job which like where everything is going like you want this is really like require the work and requires some sacrifice require a lot of emotions etc.

So that is why I proud of myself honestly speaking proud that I joined Mondless great employer every day like I more and more convinced in my in my decision and also yeah I'm proud to be part of the community because my my path is not like finished uh like I want I still feel that I have some uh potential to grow further and now I found the uh community 1% academy I know the place where I can come and uh if I have a need and I can uh I have an access to the best talents like from the huge companies corporations we have here VPs uh uh presidents and senior directors and it's like a exclusive community so and I feel proudness regarding is that I have I am part of it. &gt;&gt; So this is it. So yeah.

&gt;&gt; Yeah, we're very proud of you of what you have achieved. And talking about the community, let me ask you this. How has being part of the 1% academy community and this group of leaders and peers as well helped you beyond our coaching together?

Um it is uh yeah so first of all uh you feel that um like you are not uh alone not inside of your head and that there are also other people who uh have their own way. I mean different stories of course but we all looking for the same like we on the same wave and um like you read the stories of people because new people are joining you read their stories and oh wow uh they have uh they have their like I am not alone and it gives you it gives you support uh so uh and uh yeah and you can discuss with someone hear different perspective I mean uh it's yeah so uh I find it powerful It's like you know when you go to the gym and if you have some some um I don't know some buddies there some people whom you know it's much more I mean you go to the gym and then you say okay I will meet there this person that person and it will be nice to talk with them uh it's much uh I mean it's like additional uh um tailwind uh versus when you go alone which is like by your discipline so that is why yeah &gt;&gt; yeah I see and Now, what would you say to somebody who is thinking of joining but is not really sure? Maybe they are thinking I probably can do this by myself.

Maybe, you know, I don't I I don't feel comfortable to invest in myself. Uh what would you say to them? &gt;&gt; Um yeah, and honestly speaking, it's not only what I would say because uh I was um approached by some people on LinkedIn and they asked me how it is in part of 1% academy.

So the yeah the word of mouth marketing you know is working and that what I say in such cases uh I say like uh respect your dreams like uh respect your dreams and uh uh if you really want something so uh then uh just do it. I mean uh it's uh it's about it's about the commitment. So put your put your dreams on the one scale and then um put in another to give up of this and then think what is what is better for you.

So this is what I this is what I would say. Uh also also like if to talk about something more practical like someone may say okay I mean uh I can find a lot of information in YouTube. I mean you have now access to the everything in internet and uh literally any information which you want and yeah you will be right you will find a lot of an internet but this is the problem at the same time because you simply will like sink in all this information I mean it is very difficult to to understand what is really a diamond and what is let's say just a just a fake or just a trash and if you want to invest your efforts your time uh to um let's say rightly then here you can get like the concentrate of the validated uh polished information which you just can take and uh and and use.

So uh that is why again if you respect your dreams and if you really want to progress to just make your choice and and that's all. &gt;&gt; Yeah. what's the return of investment for you besides everything we just talked about?

&gt;&gt; So, first of all, yeah, as I mentioned, uh I have now uh access to the community like and I can join I know that every week uh two times a week I can join anytime. &gt;&gt; So this is for me forever. Then uh I have materials which are uh refreshed like time to time what is needed or regularly if there is something new.

So I I have access to them to these materials. Uh so then uh you have a you have a knowledge uh as well. So um plus um I also like treat as an asset uh to have a uh direct contact with you honestly speaking and I I'm telling you this not because I want to please you you know uh but uh because uh I I I I told you I think that you are one of the uh strongest leaders I ever met and uh this is like privilege that I have that I know you and um I can join the weekly call uh and discuss with you some topic which is important for me.

So this is something untangible but super super valuable. So this this is what I mean. &gt;&gt; Thank you Andrew.

I I'll take it to my heart and I will watch this part when I hit my hard days when I have my downs and ups. Thank you so much. I I really really appreciate that.

So finally thank you. &gt;&gt; Finally, any last word for someone who is watching this video, maybe someone who feels stuck, maybe someone who was in exactly the same situation you were a few months ago. Uh so um what is important?

Yeah, I think first of all um I suggest um to like to try to really not be alone here. So that support support is needed. So try to uh find someone who can uh who can support you whom you can trust uh who can advise you.

So don't keep it with your with with yourself. Uh second point uh yeah don't uh don't procrastinate and uh really respect your dreams. So uh just take a commitment and take control uh over your your life and career.

and to um be disciplined because it honestly speaking it's not like you know that you become part of the program and then the miracle happens it require a lot of work and a lot of commitment so uh be ready for this be disciplined and um yeah what was working for me I didn't work like you know today I work on my on my u academy stuff and then two days I don't work no uh like uh I literally invested all my Christmas break, all my two weeks. I was working every day on my uh on my academy lessons. Uh my wife was sleeping in the morning.

I was get up in the morning and then I was working on my like interview questions on my CV on my LinkedIn then review then polish it etc. So then yeah uh take a discipline. So if you want to reach something like do it like uh until until you will get some some some result and u yeah and don't give up because uh again uh like someone is uh because yeah it's also a matter of luck maybe but the opportunity will come sooner or later just be ready for and then you and if you are disciplined then you will be ready at any time to jump on the opportunity you are ready any time u yeah because there will be some opportunities which are pity to lose And then you need to be ready.

You need to be in shape. You need to be ready. I mean my my mindset that uh like that you like like be ready for the career conversation anytime or or interview like if like in five minutes okay that I'm ready for this.

So this just my main learnings which I like uh can share openly. &gt;&gt; Beautifully said. Thank you so much Andre and I'm so happy for you.

Sincerely, so happy for you. Um I'm so happy for your wife as well. Now you can start a family as a normal family soon.

&gt;&gt; Exactly. Exactly. Yeah.

We all not always but very often underestimate such things and uh life is really amazing things and uh sometimes can happen which you even cannot expect and then and then uh yeah you need to be flexible you need to be uh adaptable and then and then you value such things then you value like a clarity in your life uh stability in your life when your partner is together or your family is together. So yeah, this is absolutely important. &gt;&gt; It's precious because a maybe for a lot of people it's not something they struggle with.

They they do live together every single day since they got married. But I was the same as you and I didn't have that for a very long time as well. I was working remotely.

I was working commuting every week for many years. Um, I know what it's like and it's it's so important and you just you cherish these moments of like having dinner together and be able to see your wife on a normal day, not like every weekend. It's these are the priceless things you get together with the the role.

&gt;&gt; Absolutely. It's not a given. Yeah.

Yeah. It's not a given then. Exactly.

&gt;&gt; Thank you so much, Audrey. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Thank you.

Thank you Tiffany uh for everything which you did for me because I know you I mean you you are super busy person. I understand this but uh uh I know that you I mean I felt that you uh treat me uh specially uh that you really was trying to uh to help me uh you was remember I mean you you was uh you was always keep me in mind and uh so and it's also support me a lot support me a lot yeah and after like interaction with you you know you feel like an energy you feel motivation. Um, yeah.

So, thank you for this. I highly appreciate it. You influence influence my life basically.

It's a big thing. &gt;&gt; Wow. Thank you.

Yeah. I mean to achieve these type of goals, 80% is mindset. It's only 20% is tactics like you said LinkedIn interview but without the first 80% someone there believe in you to motivate you to inspire you and you yourself have the willingness to to change and you said like I will stop procrastinate I will respect my dreams from now on and I will do the work and the all of that is even more important than hey LinkedIn put these keywords in there right?

Yeah. Yeah. Sure.

S true. Yeah. Yeah.

There is like a technical stuff, but also the this Yeah. Yeah. the the mindset, the soft stuff's untangible.

Yeah. Exactly. &gt;&gt; Yeah.

Super. All right. Thank you so much, Audrey.

I mean this is amazing.