Nala, you have just reached a new career milestone. So, can you tell us what it is? &gt;&gt; Sure.

Since uh one month, I'm the director of the strategy and engineering being responsible for the strategy creation and execution at uh Bridges. Uh and this is really a great milestone for me as I was really looking forward to step up on the business leadership side. So what is the biggest change here?

So it it is uh first of all it's about impact from end to end really from creation of the strategy from the uncertainty till being accountable for uh delivering the the strategy and the results and then that gives also more empowerment and also more uh feeling that I can apply everything I learned through my career but also everything I dreamt of. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And what does that mean for you personally to reach from leading one function to leading a business?

&gt;&gt; It it does give more fulfillment and it does give also the uh the idea that wow I can achieve what I wanted because indeed this is what I wanted to do when I was looking back to the beginning of our process. I was looking for the direction. Should I go vertically within my function or should I go more on the business side?

And then when you see that things happen then you start to trust more the process and you you have a very good feeling that okay so the journey that I'm creating I can achieve it and I can continue it. &gt;&gt; Yeah that's fantastic. So do you remember how you felt on our very first call what was going on at that time?

So from from a career standpoint, I felt that I'm about to reach to to go out to the next step. But somehow I did not have the the focus or I didn't have the direction. And now looking back I think idea have really the somebody the framework that we uh you you created in the program which is not just going to achieve your next job uh but really achieving in a way that's very close to your identity who who you are as a person but also as a leader.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. We're going to talk about the program.

But before we go there to talk about your journey, the process you have tried, I'd like to know a bit more about you. Where did you come from? Where you currently living.

Yeah. Tell us a bit more about yourself. &gt;&gt; Okay.

So, I'm not going to say how many years ago I uh uh I was born, but it's some some time ago. I was born in Romania, an East European country. that I completed my um chemical engineering degree and then I wanted to move forward in my um career.

So I wanted to do a PhD and because the economical conditions in my country would not allow me at that time to do a meaningful PhD I moved to the Netherlands. Um and then I completed my PhD in the Netherlands at the University of uh Enskade and then moved to the professional life with uh my first job in um uh product development site at General Electric. Um then a General Electric that later on became Sabi.

Um I moved into different positions from product development to process development and then um achieved the black belt uh in Linix Sigma um qualification and then was time to move on and uh the inflection point was to a company which gave me more to the floor experience. So at General Electric, I was one of the 150 PhDs and at Schol IP and a packaging company, I was the only one that I could advise from material and application standpoint. And that was a very very interesting journey.

Uh besides moving from a publicly listed company to a familyowned company, uh then I also went to the team uh leader uh side. And the interesting part of of packaging is that it gives you so much um it's more a system type of job. So I really got involved with the packaging sector which I expanded in 2020 when I moved to uh the company I'm working now for Bridges &gt;&gt; and at this company I had different uh positions from uh uh product product development till strategy and the last one we just discussed is director of of uh strategy and engineering.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. How do you feel when you look back the journey from Romania when you didn't have the facility to study to now where you have arrived? &gt;&gt; Grateful really uh grateful and um like like uh well but things happen and will happen to me and will happen to the others if they see that this is possible.

So, uh, something that I didn't know that had, um, such a good end and frankly I'm still looking for the next steps of my journey because I'm not there yet. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're always growing, right? So, okay, now let's talk about so how has being part of the journey the program uh, helped you beyond the coaching?

So, so the program helped me first of all from the framework standpoint, from the structure. I I'm a very structural person and I do love the &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; uh framework, but I also love the explanation behind. So, in one way uh that's uh that was close to my heart like with science, neuroscience, talking about the vision board and the action board.

But also one part which was very interesting and I'm still learning on it is on believing before it's happening. &gt;&gt; So uh I remember uh last year when uh we found out about um my husband and uh our daughters they started the university and lots of uncertainty one decided to stop at that time. Um I remember that you were writing to me saying things happened for you and uh it's it's tough when you don't believe it as I was at that point.

I was like how how how this could happen to me so many things and um besides that was also on the working side it was a big reorganization and 50% of the team was restructured. So it was not only to uh say goodbye to the 50% of the team but also to reform the team to get the results uh with the new structure &gt;&gt; but um at that time I remember I was like what if what if things really happened to me so I have to say that I started to become to to believe more even if I wouldn't have the proof that uh things are in this way so this is one side The other side that the program also helped me is to um to stay the course. I mean with all the the things happening at work with uh all the things happening at home still uh I chose to to stay in the winds and I chose to stay who I want to be.

Um and this is more than just the daily routine that by the way I forgot it a year ago. So that's the second part. And to me the the the biggest discovery is really um identifying who I am, who I really am, and who do I want to be?

And if I'm not there yet, and if there are moments that I would be down, I would say, what if I'm already there? What if I would advise myself from my higher self? So those were the three things that I learned.

and uh I think much more but um yeah they stood out to me. &gt;&gt; They are such a good example of uh implementing them and live in them. I want to go back a little bit and tell us I because I remember when we started um just uh in a couple of months time the restructure happened and more importantly there are changes in your family right you that your family needed more of your attention.

So tell us a bit about that timing of when you were going through this professional side and personal side of the of the change and while you were thinking about all of this is happening to me. &gt;&gt; So uh first of all uh going back to the framework one of them uh one of the the habits that I learned was about journaling about creating time for myself in the morning and in the evening. So irrespective of how um difficult the situation is because I set my day in the morning to be focused on the wings for example that's also something that that I learned it's it's like a snowball effect it's just amplifying so when you go to the next situation which you are not in control like would be in the hospital and all of the sudden you hear well the operation doesn't go ahead uh you still have the choice do I look into the problem or do I look into the solution?

What is the solution here? &gt;&gt; So um that that would be one side but the other side was really that uh the program helped me to give me strength because that was really the moment that I took care of myself not only being there for for the girls or being there also for me with all the fears because you don't know in which way the the the illness will go. So it gave me really the um structure gave me the the moment of the week uh when I would commute to to my work for about two hours and I would be there with you and get inspired by uh by you and by the community with all the use cases.

How did you stay so strong? Because with what you have experienced, right, the health of your family, your husband and your kids, your daughter and then your company changed. At the same time, you decided that I'm going to take my career now more seriously.

I want to grow. I want to continue to advance my career. How did you handle all of that even with all these things happening?

&gt;&gt; So, first of all, I had the intention. I wanted to and then I I I committed. I wanted to be there even uh if I wouldn't have any question in the uh community calls we had.

I uh committed myself to be there. Secondly actually um I was not so strong. I I had moments that I allowed myself to not be strong.

Um and the other part which is interesting I know it sounds a bit sugary. I learned to ask for help. M &gt;&gt; that was uh um when I was uh would look back on my one of my beliefs asking for help um was not on my repertoire.

So I did learn that asking for help actually would allow the others to really support me to know what I'm going through. &gt;&gt; Um but also for me to get more strength and to be more congruent too. I mean that's how I felt at that moment.

And um um so that that's that's one side. The other side is just getting ready getting ready being looking at my vision board every &gt;&gt; day &gt;&gt; and believing that things will happen. And when they happen, I mean I remember when I was asked for uh this position um I I was very very pleased but uh I knew that I wanted more than that the uh only that side of the position.

So being ready, knowing what I wanted helped me also to shape the the new um job, the new role. &gt;&gt; M fantastic. You know um I always say the journey to senior executive is 80% mindset and 20% tactics.

I have a lot of people they come to me and they question about that. They were like okay mindset I do have I don't need that. Just tell me the tactics.

Tell me how I write my LinkedIn. Tell me how I develop my executive presence. How do I go for the interview?

How do I attract more recruiters? I don't need to work on the mindset. I don't need these vision board and how I manage my day.

I'm good with my mindset. What do you say to the from your story? You are the opposite.

You actually worked a lot more on mindset and of course you work we work on tactics as well, but mindset is your three biggest takeaways are all around the mindset part. So what do you say? &gt;&gt; So I I would go back to me uh remember on my um education I'm very analytical uh very education oriented and I would say that from my first side of career I was a color specialist and what's beautiful about color is that it's not only what you see as black or white but it's what is perceived by the other.

So they would tend to find one black nicer than you. So that that was really my first side when I say well the numbers is not everything [gasps] as to the tactics. Of course I would like like a magic.

I mean if you would have a magic wand and you say well today what is everything you wanted to dream of is going to happen. That's nice but that's going to be only for one day because you haven't changed yourself. I haven't become who I wanted to be.

I mean having a role an executive role doesn't mean just getting the job is feeling fulfilled in the job you have. Um working strong because again my my career doesn't finish after I completed today. I'm going to be ready for the next and this is where the mindset is is very important.

And of course tactics is not bad. I mean uh one way I worked the other way around was with LinkedIn. I haven't uh posted before.

So I remember how scary it was to be there in March with my first po post. So then it was just tact saying like she said that's going to work. And by the way the other good side is that you have also um data and you have skills behind for LinkedIn you have self coach so that you could coach us for LinkedIn.

So I I did do the tactics all tactics on LinkedIn and now I'm also there with a mindset. So I I do think that's a combination mindset and tactics. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you need both.

Right. So um thank you for sharing these three big takeaways you um have uh taken away from working together. Can I also ask you beyond the coaching and the process, the framework, how has being part of the community helped you?

Yeah. So I I did mention about that uh um um side that uh we do have the structure with the two calls and I remember at the beginning I was like oh I'm not going to find two hours uh or four hours per week in my busy time and then I could combine it with commuting. So when there is a will there is a way.

Um and then that was my way to tap in and to charge and to grow with the community on my Wednesday calls when I would uh um be in the car. Um besides that there is um the community is very mind like it. So it's like you select the people and you feel there that you talk with your friends.

So I remember that uh I um I learned to be vulnerable in in the community &gt;&gt; but also I felt supported there. &gt;&gt; Um and it's also fun. I mean now I have LinkedIn conversation with uh people from our community and we are exchanging professional thoughts.

So yeah. &gt;&gt; Is there anything surprising for you when joining the community? For example, a lot of people when they join a community, they think it's just like my MBA program and we're going to just, you know, go through this together and we have each other's phone number, maybe LinkedIn profile, we we added each other.

So, what's the meaning for you being in this community? What's the difference? &gt;&gt; So, the difference is uh first of all, um that's more like a friendship.

uh during the MBA study, I was there with people that wanted to complete uh uh the study and we had different uh ideas either to get the diploma or to learn some of the theoretical skills. But here you are with um uh people that would like to grow and people that would like to go to the next uh next level of themsel. Um and then then it's like looking yourself in various mir mirrors that are people from different communities.

So um this is one side. The other side is that some of us stay here. So some of us would go after two or three months but others like I am I tend to enjoy more if it's a process.

If I don't have to deliver it within one or two month and then I have to go. So I know that the community is there for uh when I need it. Yeah, that's fantastic.

Now, if you have a close friend and they ask you what's the program like, how would you describe it? Yeah, so so the program is um more systemwise um which is a combination of um mind, body uh and target career growth. And this is what I liked it because it's uh really about how to be more uh focused on your day with the intention but also how to have more healthy habits &gt;&gt; and how to look at your network and declutter it.

So it's it's really more a system an ecosystem for career growth than just a few um tips and tricks on LinkedIn on how to uh perform on the interview. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And um I mean you are quite introverted person as well and how did you open up in a setup like this?

Because a lot of people say well coaching that's a one-on-one thing. It's very private. I'm not I'm not able to like open myself up.

a lot of topics I cannot talk about in front of other people. So how do you feel about that? &gt;&gt; It is a safe environment.

That's how I felt. Uh safe environment created by uh by you by how you are approaching the question. Um most of the times is no um judgmental there are more questions and it's funny enough when you have um you have a structure you have a form for submitting the question &gt;&gt; and preparing the form I already had the answer.

So that's that's one side. The other side is that you get different insights and um that safety net that I feel the openness and really the feeling that the others starting with you but also colleagues are thinking for you and with you that gives a very good feeling. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly.

You don't feel alone here. You don't feel you just it's just you and me. You feel like you have a group of knowledge and support and encouragement and also a lot of time each one of you also give each other a hand in really helping the the networking and the referral and even helping each other's post as well.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Exactly.

&gt;&gt; What would you say to somebody who is maybe thinking about getting help and invest in themsel but is still thinking maybe I could do this by myself? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So of course you can do uh things by yourself.

It's up to you what do you want to achieve. So when you have the commitment is the financial commitment but also the time commitment and the mental commitment. You really there is no magic like like I mentioned it's not that just to give an example I wanted a month ago I wanted to have the communication on LinkedIn.

So I've done something quick. I send it to you and then you didn't create it for me. You just said, "Well, I recommend you to look into that." So, um, and and this is what the difference between having a coach and doing it by yourself.

You tend to do things in your way and the framework and the timeline. I mean, uh, being coached, you can be faster and it's more enjoyable. &gt;&gt; Yeah.

the journey is is more more fun as well doing together, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. And Okay. So, um finally, what's the final word you have for someone who is maybe watching this?

Maybe they come from the same background as you. They currently feel stuck. Maybe they feel stagnant in their own growth.

What do you want to say to them? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so life is too short to to feel stuck in whatever circumstances you are.

Um I think if you feel stuck you should take action and if this forum is the right uh forum for you as it felt for me then do it. On the other hand I would also say trim bigger. um the the time that we talk is a few hours ahead of 2026 and that kept me also with the vision board and I realized why creating the vision board of and looking at it last year 80% of the vision board it happened so why wait for another year I mean why don't you go now in 2026 and you make your dreams come true and hopefully 100% of your dreams will come true not 80% like mine 80% is amazing, right?

We we talk about how we measure and how we set up goals, right? when we set up goals and we measure toward towards where we were before. But what what I mean just just to explain here um with with uh uh restructuring um growing into the reorganization with our family going through all the big treatment with the girls still we've been to US we've done the trip of our dream I've been to Bonire which I have never dreamt of.

So that's those are the dreams when you put there and you say well it's never going to happen or how is that going to happen but then you go back to your framework how is not on you how is on the universe it's what you want and here I am &gt;&gt; I love it do you have anything else you want to share with you that is on your vision board and you did it this year &gt;&gt; um yes why not so I I do have uh about losing weight I'm looking at it my vision board is in front of of the camera and I remember that for whatever reason I put a number there and I I thought well with so many things to do how am I going to have time also for losing weight and uh that's also because of the program because I put it there that I got inspired I went to the sports school I was doing the the walking so yeah that that's another uh very practical but still on my vision board &gt;&gt; that's fantastic and we met in person. That was incredible. You traveled from Netherland to Belgian.

We have several other members from here and Netherland and even Ireland. They traveled here as well. How does it feel when you meet everyone face to face?

&gt;&gt; Yes. So, so it it's the me time that's important. That's what I meant with all the things happening in our professional and personal life.

This is uh those meetings are meetings that you feel more belonging to community. you feel like you can dream on, you feel you can help each other. So it was really like that we've seen for one year on the screen, we've seen also in reality.

And I remember at that day we were walking in the forest and we had snow and we had uh wind and we have sunshine. We had everything and I'm really looking forward to our next meeting which is going to be in three weeks time. So great great feeling and great initiatives those uh those meetings.

Yeah, that was a special day here in Belgian. [laughter] All three weathers in under three hours. Well, Nella, thank you so much for this and um just sincerely, you are someone I admire for what you have achieved.

You know, for most people, they would have already given up. They would already pause at one side and just, you know, really blame the circumstance and feeling like things are just happening to them, feeling helpless. But you, even though you said you have weak moments, I have never seen any of that.

And I've only seen your strong moments. I've only seen the moments you show up to learn and you dedicate time to yourself. Also, you very often help others as well on the course.

So, you have my 100% respect and admiration for what you have already achieved. I'm so looking forward to see what you will achieve in 2026. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much, Tiffany.

really appreciate your help and also your coaching. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Anything last?

Any last words you want to say?