So home for me right now is uh in a place called Spring City, Pennsylvania, which is about an hour northwest of the city of Philadelphia. Um that may very well change in the coming months. Um but where I grew up was in the UK in a country called Wales, which sort of sits between uh I guess you could say Ireland and England.

Um but I moved to the US in in 2006 um for for the purposes of you know transferring within the company I was working for at the time which was GSK. Um but I guess my my career story probably starts in in Wales. Um because I feel in some respects that I've lived like two parallel lives, right?

Uh and I'll explain that. So I think one as a child I was always sort of fascinated by how medicines worked and there was a product that my my mother used to give me. It was called Calpal and it was probably I don't know paracetamol or aspirin or something like that but you know formulated for kids and I thought it tastes delicious and it makes me feel better.

Um so it just sort of you know it started that process of thinking about you know how these things from a bi biological standpoint how do they work. Um and I think you know the the other side of the coin is which has been more recent in in terms of um me sort of adopting this kind of a approach is is sort of strategizing to enable the development of like novel medicines to sort of you know get them in the hands of patients that truly need them. So um as I mentioned you know I think I fell in love with um the subject of pharmarmacology early on and that's what led me into you know big farmer firstly as research roles um and in fact I was lucky enough to to be able to sort of um advance you know uh pursue an advanced PhD that was funded by by GSK's.

Um but I think what that experience sort of taught me was that you know science in isolation um isn't really going to shift the needle for the world right and I think as my role expanded there and I sort of had more of an external face um I I think I realized that you know the the true power of partnerships and and crafting deals between institutions is a way to accelerate you know, getting medicines to patients. So, um, so that's that's kind of what led me into business development from the scientific realm and and a lot of people who do this job have sort of made that transition as well. Um and I think that's kind of where I've spent the last decade or so of my career is in shaping these um external innovation strategies with either with established farmer or with um sort of nent or middle biotech middlesiz biotechs.

So yeah that that would be I guess my my career story. So, you know, pharmarmacologist by training, then defected to the to the dark side, as some people would say, into the, you know, the commercial or the business development space. Yeah, that's incredible.

I've known many little boys, but I have my I have a little boy as well, and he's only into cars and engines, the planes and ships. I've never heard a little boy who's into medicine. So yeah, maybe I was trying to find ways so I could get more of that um that medication cowbol because it was like a really syrupy sweet solution.

So maybe I thought if I understand this better, I can know how how best to sort of request it. But no, I was in other things as well. But I was um yeah, always fascinated by things like that.

not so much um on the engineering side or the chemical side, but just sort of on the biology side. You just sort of always curiosity I had. I guess you've built an incredible career around this area as well.

Now, you've just hit a major milestone of your career. Can you share what it is? Yeah.

So, um just recently, I guess about three weeks ago, um I started a new position at company called Elixagen Scientific. who are based in Baltimore. Um I'm their new uh vice president of business development and corporate strategy.

Um and I think this is you know a role that I have been you know aspiring to for quite some time. So, you know, I always wanted to advance my career in in business development, but I think I was always leaning into um more more interest on sort of deriving strategies, formulating strategies to sort of enable us to, you know, be more efficient to be, you know, looking in the right places to understand, you know, mechanistically what would be needed to be done to get these medicines to patients as as quickly as possible. Um, so yeah, I'm now three weeks into the new role.

It's been it's it's been exciting. I I'll you know, I'll say that it's been challenging. There's a lot obviously that I need to learn about this new company.

Um, meeting sort of meeting and making those relationships with the various team members. Um, but it's been good. I mean there's been a lot of travel but that's you know I I see that now is these are opportunities.

Yeah. You frame them in different ways but they're all it's all for the you know the greater good and and perhaps as as we talk about in the 1% academy course you know adopting that abundance mindset. Um and I think that that's been an enormous gamecher for me.

um and and something that I can, you know, tether to the to the course or to the program that you created, Tiffany. I think um it's it's just been transformational for me in in a very short period of time. Um we're definitely going to talk about your main takeaways of us working together.

Uh one more question before we get there. So, what does it mean for you personally with what you have just um achieved in your career milestone? Yeah, I I would say I think it's a real mix of pride and relief.

Um I think pride because it it's essentially the role that you know has aligned with what my my career trajectory was or my career plan was. Um again formulating those corporate strategies um to enable sort of sustained growth but also more importantly to benefit patients. I want to make sure that that's the that's the north star here, not you know generating revenue.

Um and I think the relief comes from uh I think in my previous role and you may recall this from the first few conversations we'd had. Um I I felt like I'd lost sight of what my own value was for the organization. Um, I think, you know, now I with this new abundance like mindset, you know, I frame things differently.

I think of things differently. Um, I've sort of moved past that sort of victim mentality. Um, because it doesn't serve and I I know this is something we talk about in the program.

Um, but it's it's it's very true like because I think if you get sort of ensconced in those kind of negative thought patterns or or whatnot then it becomes more difficult to do what you need to do because everything feels like it's a heavy lift. Um, so yeah, I think you know with that mindset I'm you know I feel like I can continue now to advance my career, maybe even accelerate my career. um whether that's with this current company and I I certainly hope to sort of you know make a big impact here but also you know whether that opens up additional opportunities and having the confidence I think to go ahead and and sort of take a chance um instead of being sort of a bit more restricted like self-inhibiting I guess you could say um I don't feel like that anymore and I hope very much hope that that sort of continues to be the case uh and I'm sure it will because the program gives me you know lifetime access to to the content to the um to the academy.

So um yeah, I think that that was a you know in addition in addition to the content the the academy themselves is it's great to be a part of that and I you know once I get a bit more settled and established in this role I'm definitely going to be a more frequent contributor in the Facebook group or you know making sure that I can as much as possible contribute on those Thursday morning calls. Thank you. You already are actually I mean even by sharing your story here.

So I I think it's it's also your way of contributing and giving back. So really really appreciate grateful for that. Now let's talk about it.

Can you share with us your three takeaways from the 1% academy program and our putting together? Yeah, I I mean firstly, let me say I think there's there's an awful lot of things that the the program has taught me, but to perhaps distill that down to perhaps the three most pertinent ones I think from from my standpoint or that had the biggest impact on me. Um I think so the the first three modules which are I think they're defined sort of as the mindset modules.

Um so it's it's it's that introspection right that introspection first and you know from where I was really this time last year I think was when we started you know the conversation um you know what what I realized is you it's impossible to fix something that you don't see. um like I think I knew you know certain parts of it but like what was kind of holding me back and I think a lot of that was me as opposed to someone else and like whilst that you know that is in part true um I think going through that exercise of of true introspection and and understanding what my self-limiting beliefs are amongst other things uh was is tough but it it's definitely critical because once you are aware of them then you can you know you can chart your course to move away from them or adopt different sort of practices or processes or mindset. Um I know we've touched on this second one but it's I think it truly is important and it is the abundance mindset.

So swapping that sort of um victim sort of mindset on narrative uh for one that is sort of more open-minded and and sort of hungry for growth. Um and this sort of aligns a little bit with um my new found interest in stoic philosophy where you know every every circumstance every setback is just basically um if you're a boy scout I guess kindling for growth right kindling that fire to to ultimately grow and improve. Um so I think you know those two both of which are very much in the mindset arena um were sort of two critical things I think for me and then sort of perhaps on a more practical level um having a completely different sort of resume or or CV um where it was framed in a way that it was impact first impact centric um as opposed to me just in a series of things that I'd done which is you know more analogous to what you'd expect from a middle manager.

So I think being able to showcase those um those strategic wins if you like or moments where I'd sort of utilize leadership principles um are essential really to sort of convincing people when you want to get into those senior levels. Um, and I'll admit I used I think it was two years ago um a resume write service and I look at that now relative to what my resume looks like currently from this program and it's night and day. Uh I mean stylistically it looks much better.

I think it's also you know it's focused on the areas where I've had the most impact in my roles. I think having the the leadership summary is a really powerful sort of addition to sort of showcase that you know this is how I do things I approach things this is my mindset um I think it it sort of it can almost act a little bit like a d-risking strategy so that you know the a potential suitor can see that immediately um you know think well okay let's take a closer look at this candidate Um I think you know without that perhaps you know it it becomes a little less strong. Um and yeah I think you know listing out the signature achievements as well and putting those sort of you know top or front and center also I think it's it's it's it's not just the format.

I think it's just the way it's it's structured. Um I think it really sort of you know cast the most um positive light you and I I just you know I do I truly believe that having the sort of the resume that I have now whilst contentwise like yes they've probably not too dissimilar but how that information is packaged is different and I think it's sort of uh I think it screams sort of this person knows what they're doing they're accomplished they're a leader um and not someone trying to masquerade as one what was it like in our first conversation what was the challenging you were facing similar to pretty much everyone else in the course and I think similar to your background um you know I've been sort of stuck in a director level or middle management role for my entire um time with my previous company. So there was no like upward mobility or momentum like and I think you know my solution to that was to work harder do more um and consequently that that sort of I mean it's not a sustainable model right because then you become overworked and then the more work you do but there's no again there's no budge in terms of I don't know your level of responsibility or your potential to move, then you start to feel undervalued and ultimately demotivated.

Um, and I think with with my previous company, I sort of put my, you know, my heart and soul into doing things to, you know, help the company also, you know, in many respects, help myself. Um, so I guess you could say it took me a little bit too long to realize that, um, I needed to make a change to move my career forward. And, um, and I think, you know, making those kinds of changes is is a solo sport, right?

Um, at least in terms of the decision- making to get there. Um, because no one's going no one's going to do that for you. And I think you mentioned this in the course.

You know, if you if you complain about things, 80% of the people are going to be uh don't care or and 20% are just going to be generally happy that you're miserable about your current situation. So um I think what this course did was um was just help me, you know, realize that and find that sort of road map to get out of that sort of that headsp space and start sort of moving forward and and flourishing. I think with my career and I, you know, it's still early days here with my new role, but you know, I see my value.

Um, I'm I'm happy with the decision. There's there's a lot of things I I'm sort of excited to do. There's a lot of things I'm excited to change.

Um, but I feel now I'm equipped with the sort of the tools, the mindset, um, amongst other things to to be successful here. Um and I think also again having access to all the materials in the course which I know continually evolve um you know I know that I'll be referring back to that on numerous occasions. So and and the fact that I can still attend the you know the Thursday calls um I think that's a great you know benefit of this particular program.

It's it's lifetime sort of access um which is what it was completely you know dissimilar to my last career coaching um which I just essentially just left me still drifting um whereas this was a sort of a bonafide road map in terms of how you get to where you want to go and and you know you drawing on your experiences um in your career I think it sort of makes it so much more authentic um believable and and and also um there's no guarantees, but like it feels more like it's a it's a proven path to to get to where you want to go to those, you know, senior leadership levels as opposed to being um largely contained within the ma middle management bracket. I will feel sad like now you've achieved your goal and you leave the program. So in order a bit selfish reason is that I don't want you to leave the program.

And I want you to see what's what's next now that this is possible. So what else? Right?

So I want to see what else for all of you as well. And that's also the reason that I build the program and give all of you the lifetime access because I feel it's a long-term partnership and the the community and the the the network we all build together. you've been very generous to want to give back and help and contribute to others who are probably in this in the journey a few months ago you were in it's incredibly generous and we have a lot of others who are um doing the same here so how beautiful is that and why would I want to end anyone's membership just because maybe it's six months time or one year time so I did not set any timeline it's like as long as you join the program you always have the lifetime access to it to the coaching calls to mentorship calls as well to the network to the course.

Yeah. And I I think you know that's a very powerful offering and it really is my pleasure to you know for you to ask me to you know give my my story so that you know others who are in the program or maybe have sort of graduated from it um can sort of you know maybe take something from my journey. Um, and I'm I suspect there's a lot of people who are, you know, in different, you know, in different industries and sectors, but, you know, where we were at is probably quite consistent across the board.

It's just, you know, we we use different vernacular or we use different jargon, but you know, at a fundamental level, the problems that exist are similar amongst us. If there's anything people can derive from from this conversation then that that is you know inspiring to me as well. Thank you for that.

Um earlier you mentioned the abundance mindset and self-limiting beliefs right? We already talked about a little about the victim mindset. Mhm.

Can you share with us what was your limiting beliefs and scarcity mindset earlier and how did you transition yourself to where you are now? Oh yeah, that um I have to admit I've not looked back through my self-limiting beliefs and that's been quite intentional um because at that period in time I needed to do the introspection. But um you know I I I think a lot of them were related to uh me not really believing in myself, me um thinking that others were more um accomplished that they were more um credentialed.

like it's it's almost like a a little bit like having a chip on your shoulder and not sort of um giving yourself that sort of confidence and belief that you're you're capable of of so much more. There's so much more potential there. Um and I think in terms of like how did I get from there to where I am now?

I I like I say, I think first things first was, you know, shining the light on it so that I knew I was more aware. Like I think on some level you you kind of know, but when you put that down sort of on paper basically um it becomes more real and then you can start to further explore that um by you know again by just sort of meditating on it in in in the sense that you're thinking about it. Um so I think you know going through that exercise and being you know in some ways kind to myself but critical of myself was good in sort of understanding okay that's what's probably holding you back and then I think you know the course is sort of structured in a way that you can then figure out or plot the course to move away from that kind of version of yourself and to sort of start to embody body and believe that you're the executive version of yourself.

And I think um in addition to the materials in the course and and the sort of conversations with with my peers in the academy um I think you know it also steered me in the direction of other things like um like I mentioned earlier stoic philosophy has become something that I'm fascinated by at the moment and I see a lot of parallels in in in the way that the course is structured to that. Um, and also I think you know I think we all like to think that we read a lot but I but what I think I've done more recently is I'm sort of I have a more voracious appetite for reading books that will help me improve or give me different perspectives um which wasn't happening before. I think I was just sort of reading you know articles on my phone which was just keeping me very much in sconced in my own sort of echo chamber or my own sort of small world view if you like.

Um so I think you know those things have have certainly helped um me adopt this this new mindset and I'm I feel really enthused by that like I just you know I want to learn new things. I want to like figure out new tools that can can help me perform better. I've um I'm sort of having, you know, I'm pushing my team currently to think about sort of adopting, you know, AI applications or tools into our workflow so that, you know, there's a less manual there's less manual labor.

We'll go with that um in doing what we do. like if we can speed up then let's do that and let's share those learnings like you know what hacks and tips and tricks do you have that you can share with the team and I think that's kind of the culture that I'm trying to um create within the team and but it again it all goes back to sort of having that mindset where you see challenges as opportunities and not sort of that's another thing to go on the to-do list. It's it's like okay it's going to be hard but at the end on the back end I'll have learned something right from this experience and um yeah I think I think um I'll pause it.

Yeah it's incredible. I mean like um I I think you officially seriously get started from the beginning of this year after the new year and I start to see your worksheets like you're very productive and how long does it take you to achieve where you you are now? Yeah.

Um so yeah, you're correct. I I really started almost full-time with the course and the materials and and attending the sessions, the coaching calls um seriously at the beginning of the year, like maybe January second or third. Um and I was, you know, determined to, you know, pick things up and and move at a pace that I just wasn't capable of doing, uh towards the tail end of 2024 when I was, you know, still with my previous company.

Um so I would say from January first week in January to when I started my role that was um which was on April 15th so roughly was it four four and a bit months. Um but from starting to apply to roles I think that began somewhere maybe midFebruary or towards the end of February. So it was it was very quick.

Um, my first interview with Elixagen was I believe like the middle of March and then I I sort of had an offer almost two weeks later, but you know, didn't ultimately sign on the dotted line until we'd sort of worked out some of the finer details of the um of the package. But yeah, it was it was quicker. It moved quicker than than I'd expected it to.

And and I think there were certain reasons behind that like the uh so factors beyond my control right with um people being let go from their jobs in in sort of government agencies where they work on science and health and things like that. I thought that would have made it more challenging and I thought, you know, more companies would been reluctant to be looking to hire at this point with with a lot of uncertainty. But, um, it it moved quick and I'm happy about that.

And I think in if I recall one of our earlier conversations, you'd said like some people, you know, move into their new new roles in like 5 weeks. And I can remember thinking, I hope that could be me. But, you know, again, my self-limiting belief system said, "Hey, it won't be you." And, you know, maybe I didn't achieve it in in that sort of world record pace, but it it certainly moved quickly.

And and I think I have to sort of, you know, credit um all of the things that I learned in this in this um course to sort of, you know, accelerate in that. um using the right, you know, using the right adopting the right mindset, using the right sort of vernacular um you know, thinking or positioning myself as a leader as opposed to someone aspiring to be one. Um that makes a massive difference, I think, from from where I was to, you know, where I got to.

And and I think that that perhaps explains the um the velocity then with with I was able to you know secure this role and uh yeah I'm just very thankful for that. How do you feel now? I'm motivated generally is is sort of the overall um the overarching feeling that I have.

excited is is probably another um you know I I find myself now I'm constantly you know thinking about things but it not in a way where it's I've got to do that. It's I want to do that. Um I choose to do that.

I choose to do that. Yes. Exactly.

It's it's different and I think you know I'm more open. I'm embracing the challenges and and see them again as as my opportunities to improve myself to to learn something and and if I can sort of impart some of those learnings to my team, then I certainly want to do that. Um so yeah, I think maybe to summarize it in one word, I'm just a lot happier.

Um and this has been again the catalyst to to getting me to that point sort of on the emotional level. Um, but I think, you know, it's done so much more than just that. And I I feel like I've spent a lot of time doing this this conversation talking about sort of uh, you know, mindset and emotion, I guess.

Um, but there's more there's there's a lot more to uh, this course than just that. Um, it's not just about a job title or a higher income, right? Yeah.

Exactly. Exactly. And I think, you know, where I'm at now is, you know, I haven't pivoted.

I've sort of, you know, I've gone to where I was hoping to get to. Um, I feel good about that. Like I haven't had to sort of deviate massively from what was kind of my plan and my passion.

Um, and that sits well with me. you know, I I could have easily, you know, years ago transitioned into another job with another company for a more elevated title, but I knew that that wasn't really the be all end all for me. Um, it was doing something that was meaningful.

It was doing something that was, you know, challenging, but um, ultimately something that I believed in. And I think that's sort of what I've come to learn is, you know, it's about sustainability as well in terms of, you know, what keeps, you know, you going. Um, and if I think if you're just just simply chasing the title and less the opportunity or or less alignment with the mission, then it's it's probably not going to be a long-term fit.

Yeah. What do you say is the return of the investment you've made in this program? Um well directly I guess it would be this new role and the the compensation package.

Indirectly a lot more and it would be difficult to sort of quantify that. Um but I think you know from you know the mindset standpoint you know that has changed you know marketkedly in the last several months. um I feel sort of that you know confidence that self-confidence to you know take things on whereas maybe before I would have been a bit more risk averse um so I think you know it it again it's difficult to associate a number with that but I think the ROI in a qualitative sense has been pretty enormous um that's just you know that's how I feel about it so you know if anyone is thinking about you know whether or not to you know join the academy then it's a simple answer from me join don't delay just go ahead um you won't I I don't think you will regret it and if you do I think you probably are are not putting in the work thank you for that and um any last word you want to add Chris [Music] um that is a good that's a good question I I think um I think as I mentioned in my sort of answer to the last question, you know, this this is a sort of a program that that whilst it cannot guarantee that you will get to where you want to go, I think it will equip you with the tools to certainly improve yourself.

You know, whether that's as a manager or a lead or an aspiring leader. Um I think people should, you know, really strongly consider that. Um, I think, you know, this this program has had, you know, an enormous improvement in me and that's not just from a I think a professional standpoint, but I think on a personal level or personal perspective.

Um, I feel way more engaged with my my family, right? I I sort of am cutting that balance, I think, better now. um I know how to sort of define my my boundaries in terms of ensuring that I have that work life balance.

Um I really enjoyed sort of you know being in the coaching calls and having almost like combination of a cheering squad but also um people that could hold you to account or could sort of ch you know challenge you and I think um though you know those sessions are important because you know people are dealing with their own what feels like their own individual problems but you know other people have had some experience in that respect. and that they can they can share. And I think it's it's different from when you're in a a company together because, you know, there's there's generally some competition, right?

Um people may not be as forthcoming with with advice and suggestions because, you know, maybe that doesn't benefit them. Um, but that's what I found with the academy is it's it's very open and people are willing to share and and sort of help and um engage with you and and I think that's that's a very powerful tool. So the combination of the content plus the academy is um has been great and um I thank you for that and um I think that yeah maybe that would be my final word on on um on the experience.

It's been life-changing. Let me say I don't want to like overinflate it, but it has. It really has.

Um, and again, I thank you so much for that, and I thank you again for being so patient with me in those early exchanges. And, um, I really do attribute where I'm at right now to, you know, you, this course, this content, the community as well.