Nergiz is the head of global marketing communication and brand of Epiroc Digital Solutions. Epiroc is a vital part of a sustainable society and a global productivity partner for mining and infrastructure customers. Hi Nergiz.

Hello Tiffany. Nice to could be in this call with you. Thank you so much for coming on the call.

First of all, Nergiz, share with us what is your career story? Yes, my career story. I would like to start with my background actually.

Uh you know, I moved to Stockholm in 2000, uh which is quite a long time ago, and uh and I have a quite in an international background. I I'm I'm born in France, and then I moved with my parents back to Turkey after 13 years of uh spending time in in uh and studying in uh in France. And uh and then I lived in Istanbul in Turkey for 13 years before I moved to Stockholm.

And when I moved to Stockholm actually, I couldn't even speak English or Swedish, which was quite challenging for me. So, I started to learn the language to start with before, you know, I could even apply for any job, to be honest. And uh and I I started to learn both Swedish and English at the same time.

And then uh also started to search for job. And I could, you know, enter after 2 years of uh education, etc. Uh I could start at Michelin, which is an international company, French company.

I had the big advantage speaking French to start with. Uh in 2002, and uh and I stayed there over 15 years doing different type of uh jobs from forecast management to business analyst, marketing intelligence, and I ended up to being a marketing manager for agricultural tires. After 15 years, I felt that no, I would like to uh uh try something else.

I would like to you know, work for big global international Swedish company. And Atlas Copco was on the way, so I tried to, you know, enter the company. I started as a project manager uh within Atlas Copco, and after a while, they were happy, I was happy.

Then I I I stayed and took the responsibility over marketing communications, driving many activities actually, within the big division we call the motor vehicle industry uh division. Pretty focused on the automotive industry, yeah. Uh back then.

Until uh uh last May 2022, when I moved to Epiroc, taking a new role. Super exciting. Yeah, I wanted to take you back a year ago, when our first time we spoke, our first conversation.

How did you feel back then? Yes, 1 year ago, I felt very stuck. Okay, I was working at Atlas Copco.

It was, you know, 6 years. I've been doing a lot of activities, but you know, I couldn't see a light on my next steps, so I felt really really stuck on there, and I couldn't, you know, increase my salary much either, which was making me unhappy too. You know, the you know, when I was considering the level uh in the market.

Yeah. So, no, very unhappy, I would say. How did that feeling impact your day-to-day?

You know, uh I was starting to be very demotivated, and uh and uh I didn't understand because, you know, I was doing all the good the the steps that you do you are normally, you know, I was taking courses, I was trying to do a self-development, I was taking on all the new projects. I was trying to show myself, but nobody could see me. Yeah.

How did you feel? very unvalued, I would say. Yeah.

And uh yeah, I was questioning does the company, you know, really wants to work with me, or am I worth uh anything? And now it was, you know, starting to hit my self-confidence as well. I remember that conversation where you actually started questioning your own value and your own worth.

Yeah, you know, uh so that's a bit where I was 1 year ago. I see. So, which result do you feel most proud of of as working together?

Oh, the the best result is that, you know, um I couldn't even think about that before, but you know, I got a new job, and I could really increase my income with 50% on a monthly basis. For me, that was one of my goals in my vision, and we accomplished that. It's one step, you know, on the right direction, which I'm super happy about.

Yeah. I'm so proud of you. Like, for everyone who is listening, that's 50%, 50%, that's super impressive as a career change.

How did you feel when you got that offer? Yeah, I couldn't believe it actually. It was like, "Oh my god, it's really right.

I'm doing the right thing. Are they serious?" Or so something like that, until I you know, I was really signing the contract. Yeah.

Um It's fantastic. I think it was uh Yeah, it was the right thing to do, and I think I'm super happy to have taken the that decision, and those, you know, working together with you helped me a lot. I know you have one more big result you achieved, which is not really career-wise, but life-wise.

Can you share with us? Sure. Actually, in my vision board, do you remember?

Right today, I'm living in a house, and my dream was to live in a you know, apartment with a sea view and so on, like, you know, you would dream of. And actually, it is becoming true very soon, which I'm super excited too. We just bought a flat, and we will have a very nice sea view, and looking over the uh the you garden, which we call in Stockholm, which is a very nice place.

I'm super about happy about that. Can you share with us about the timing? Like you said, um you reached the 50% salary increase and a new position.

How long did you achieve that after we worked together? Yeah, I think we started like, I don't remember, September, October, and then I got my new job end of around the mid-December. Yes.

2 months. And what about the sea view, the ocean view apartment? How long did you How long did that take for you to achieve it?

Yeah, so we bought that in September, so less than a year, uh Less than a year. I would say. I remember when you write it down, it was it seemed so far away when you talk about it, first time we talk about it.

Yeah, definitely. Then it was a real dream. I mean, it was like, "Okay, if we find it's a really dream." But, you know, when you put it in a paper, I think it comes with the positive uh and energy to you.

That's amazing. Well, thank you for sharing that. That's super inspiring of not only achieving the career milestone, but the life milestone as well.

Can you talk about your three biggest takeaway from the 1% Academy program and our coaching together? Yeah, three biggest um takeaways. I think the first one, which was a wow moment for me, uh was about, you know, my limiting belief.

You never, you know, think that way. So, for me, it was really, "Wow, I should I I'm you know, I'm limiting myself actually." So, this is a big takeaway for me. What was your big limiting belief at that time?

You know, it was you know, back to this value thing. It was like, "Okay, nobody wants to listen to me when I'm entering a meeting, when I'm speaking, nobody wants to give me, you know, the word." It was like I was always, you know, trying to find excuse, or not excuse, but reason to myself. And you know, with the way that you you know, you helped me approach those those meetings or when whatever activities there are, it's, you know, you change your mind.

You think differently when you are entering a meeting or discussion or any activities. And it really changed you how you see it. You you totally see differently all the people that are in the room actually.

That was That's good. Powerful. Exactly.

Yeah. And what is your second takeaway? So, my second takeaway, I would say that it is, you know, even before you start because you imagine yourself in uh you you are aiming for the next position.

I was never considering to act as I was in that position before. You know, that is also something that was really an aha moment for me, you know, when you think that you are already in that position, and then you act as is even without being or taking the next level position. It makes a big difference, uh Yeah.

Both on the way that you act, you interact with people, on your everyday life actually. And that was a big aha moment for me. How did you apply it in your day-to-day?

You know, you start you if you have a team or not, you you start to prioritize, you start to rethink a bit the way that you are approaching whether it's people or not. You know, you think okay because you look on the people that for example, if you want to be a VP, you look the people that are VP and you be like you you pretend to be a VP and do the same action which you know, increase your self-confident and also your interaction. Uh.

And also present yourself in the eyes of higher management or other people in the same way. Yeah. So I had very Sorry, I'm interrupting you but I had really, you know, when we started to work together and I did start to apply the way of working like this, I had a lot of, you know, people recognizing the change because people see the change and also especially from the HR as well, they were like, okay, wow, now Nurgul is different.

Uh. Like I mean, that that's super transformational of myself and which is we by the way I put it in the program that is you act from your future self. It is not just about pretend.

It's not just about you fake it until make it. It's more about put yourself in the future identity of who you want to become to come back and solve today's problem and to present yourself, communicate in that identity because then in that case you will filter a lot of things that you were not seeing before. You will filter a lot of opportunities you didn't pay attention to before.

How does that work with you? Yeah. Yeah, definitely it worked very well, I think.

Yeah, this is how you know, I could uh uh pre given the door that you know, I could see the difference. With people in their reaction and Yeah, that makes me, you know, that increase definitely your self-confidence for sure. Uh.

Yeah. Do you have the last takeaway to share with us? Yes, and the last takeaway.

Do you know, this is just a, you know, um a way of changing your mindset which I appreciate a lot, you know, the whole program. And you know, you will always have a next step, next move to take. Yeah.

and you will always develop but you will not start from, you know, the way that you was from before. You will always start from a next step to which the the other next step that you wish to. Uh.

accomplish. Um and this is a, you know, a change of mindset. You basically become a bigger of yourself each time.

Uh. that you take those actions. Uh.

And this I really like it. The thinking of it I really like. Absolutely.

I mean, Nurgul, you're super competent person. We know that and I also worked in Atlas Copco. You have a great reputation but for some reason you are not able to progress in the career ladder and as well in the income level.

So that was the key thing, right? It's not because of your performance. Your performance was stellar.

You had great performance reviews, right? You have, you know, support from your manager to run whatever project that you believe in. These are not like these are the things you are not struggling with.

These are the things you just do it with with eyes closed. Definitely. No, that's basically I was just missing a one piece that didn't contribute to.

to be able to continue there. Uh. no and uh No, a good move.

Yes. And what would you tell somebody who is considering joining the program? I will say don't hesitate at all.

I mean, this is a lifelong experience that and support that you will get, you know, through the program. I I believe that it was worth, you know, for me definitely and to have you as a coach and knowing that I will have access to you uh long time. That feels that makes me very comfortable and uh and I like it.

Definitely it contributed a lot and it will continue to contribute as well going forward for sure. Yeah, it's absolutely a great pleasure to have you in the program and as you mentioned, the program comes with a lifetime access and you not only with in the program achieve just the next very next goal but you achieve much longer version of yourself and it could be now you have reached one little milestone of your career. Now we have the next thing and next step, the future to work with together.

So it's not just a program that we reached immediate next step but many more steps are in front of you. So thank you and very much, Nurgul. Is there anything you want to add on before we wrap up?

Yeah, I would like to thank you because you are very open and kind. You give very exactly what we need to have in each course which I appreciate a lot. It's very easy to work with you and uh I like it a lot.

Thank you so much for that. Thank you, Nurgul. And for anyone who is watching or listening, if you want to join the 1% Academy program and apply for it in the link below, I will have a strategy call with you to start with and see if we're a good fit.

Thank you for watching.