Today we have Dave with us. Dave is the newly appointed senior director of enterprise systems at Cooper Surgical. Cooper Surgical is a leading fertility and a women health company.

The company has over 15,000 employees and its products are sold in over 130 countries. So Dave, how are you doing? Thanks Tiffany.

I'm doing great. Thanks so much for having me. It's great to have you here today.

I'm super excited to share your story. So Dave, first of all, tell us a little bit about your career story. Oh, wow.

So my career has been sort of long and and varied. I've been in both sides of the business as well as IT. Primarily in the life sciences industry for pharmaceutical, medical device, and biotechnology firms.

And how do you feel now that you have achieved a milestone in your own career development? Oh, it it you know, we were talking off camera earlier. I it's great.

I'm things are really going so well for me right now in in life and at work. You know, I I just started here just over 2 months ago and have really jumped in with both feet onto our in in our enterprise systems program. We're rolling out a new ERP platform and we're also managing all of our legacy systems and you know, looking forward to new future deployments.

And it's a really exciting time for the company and it's a great investment for the company and and I feel really blessed and and and fortunate to be joining where I am and and the timing has been really really great as well. The the manager who hired me had been talking with for quite a few months through the interview process and then even as I had accepted my offer letter and was in my transitionary period, you know, continuing to talk and work with them on some strategy and you know, how things were going to be aligned up for when I started. So it it's just been a really great onboarding and and the last couple of months has has led up to a just a really fantastic point of of where I am with everything.

So super happy for you Dave. So what was it like on our first conversation? How did you feel back then?

You know, I I was thinking about that quite a bit different. When we first met, if you recall, I was I was at a real low point. I had just, you know, lost my last role and I was in the job search and I I I had been thinking about doing executive coaching, you know, leading up to that and and it just, you know, the timing wasn't right with, you know, kind of pending on what was coming out there.

And then once I did lose my job, I I was, you know, not sure if it was the right time to make the investment and and and you really focus on that versus just, you know, finding a job first and getting into a role and and then starting a coaching engagement. But I'm really really glad that, you know, we talked through it and and I, you know, did them in the order that I did because really you know, the coaching sessions and and putting the time and and the investment in myself and and really focusing on my future self and my goals and what I wanted to see myself become really helped me immensely through the job search process. And and I I'm so grateful that I I did them in the order I did and I I really think that you know, where I am now is is a result of the success that I had in the program earlier.

Thanks for sharing that. What what was that low point? Right.

Well, um for the last year at my last company, we had been going through a lot of change. We had they had spun off from a parent company a few years prior. They'd made a lot of commitments to uh and the street and investors and and they were really feeling the crunch in some marginal spaces.

And so they, you know, went through some difficult decisions as did, you know, other companies at the time. And you know, unfortunately, a lot of the decision was made was to, you know, get rid of leadership and and the experience and and institutional knowledge within the the company. And so once that was gone, my internal champions and mentors were gone.

And so it wasn't as great a place to work and morale was low. And and you know, we all sort of there were a lot of folks who who anticipated layoffs coming and and, you know, retirements. And so it just wasn't a really exciting place to be a part of.

And so you know, sort of, you know, blessing in disguise, you know, once once things actually turned and and, you know, and and, you know, what as they say, when one door closes, a new a new one opens. And you know, in in this case, being prepared for that next one, you know, going through the program, you know, not only just set me up for, you know, finding that right door, but being able to open it. And once I get on the other side, being able to actually be prepared to be successful in that role and and continue on.

Yeah. And what was particularly challenging at that time? Um really for me at that time, I I think it was finding the finding the motivation to to invest in and take the time for myself versus you know, just the immediacy of needing to find, you know, my next, you know, career opportunity.

And you know, with with, you know, being a single parent and, you know, you know, not really you know, expecting but not necessarily expecting you know, the the change to come when it did as it did. So you know, that sort of concern it was weighing on me and and, you know, is is that the the time is now, like I said before, was was that really the right time for me to put that investment in myself versus, you know, just focus on getting a job and then and then taking the opportunity to, you know, coach and develop myself up. And what result do you feel most proud of working together?

You know, I I think the the thing that I I like most and and feel the most proud of is how I've continued to carry or what I have continued to carry on. I mean, I certainly, you like anything, need to go back and, you know, refine and review the materials. I don't do that as much as I would like, much like with a lot of habits and hobbies.

But what I I do like is how, you know, I I I I'm not only in what I say and do myself, but as I'm talking with people and you know, trying to bring the tenants of of being intentional and and living intentional life and and and thinking of things in, you know, a future sense and how to, you know, looking at it from a success point of view and and and really as, you know, as a parent, I'm trying to do that more with my kids as well. And you know, trying to help them, you know, as as where they are in their, you know, development of you know, when things are getting tough for them and they get frustrated is, you know, helping them to see beyond just where they are today and even tomorrow and, you know, even, you know, the the end of this semester, you know, and and what's coming, you know, more for the end of their high school. And and so it's been really really helpful and I've been grateful for that.

And and even the gratitudes, right? And and continuing to to Gratitude journal. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah, continuing on with that and writing those down, you know, and you know, being thankful and and being intentional in in my in my gratitude and staying, you know, saying my thanks. So can you talk about the three takeaways you had from our time working together?

I So firstly, it was without a doubt, it's it's living with intention, right? And and and and having intention in everything I do. It's it's it's even helped me from misplacing my phone or, you know, around the house.

Um so but but like, you know, but you know, approaching things with more of a and it kind of leads into the next one. But you know, you coming into it with a more specific you know, go on, how am I going to help further, you know, what I'm doing for everyone else, but what what is the takeaway that will allow me to be set up for success in setting someone else up for success, right? So so that that is been one key takeaway for me, especially as I've come into a new organization.

It's been really really helpful for me as I'm understanding boundaries. Um the other thing, and I mentioned this before, too, is the future self, right? And like I said, from where we met before, you know, initially and like where I am now, that that difference to me is is huge.

And you know, that that all comes from, you know, that planning of where, you know, seeing myself of where did I want to be, you know, 6 months from now, 1 year from now. Where do I still want to be, you know, down the road? And what are those steps that I'm taking you to get there.

And and and like I said, be more intentional about my future self and and combining those two. And then another, you know, something else um I is you know, planning for the best or setting yourself up, right? And and not and not having a negative connotation, right?

Not looking for those self-sabotage points of, you know, as you're speaking, you know, be again intentional with your wording. Um but also, you know, putting yourself forward and not, you know, not cutting yourself off at your knees, so to speak. Um I was trying to think of the the the phrase from the program that ties into that.

And I'm sorry that I couldn't. But um but we've talked about it on, you know, in all of our individual coaching calls. And and on a lot of the group calls, I've heard you mention that to other folks, too.

Um so just, yeah, you know, making sure that you're you're not And you're not putting your own doubt against yourself. Yeah, what was your doubt? The time before we worked together, what was your doubt?

Um, I my doubt before was you self-confidence and like I had mentioned at the time I my mentors at work, you know, had you know, just been you know it removed and then knew there really was a big vacuum there of leadership and and technical expertise, subject matter expertise, institutional knowledge, all of that was gone and you know really just kind of feeling, you know, okay, it's it's a more of a self-defense, you self-preservation sort of mentality at that point. So, it was really just you what what do I have to do to show the best that I'm I can you know, and and and at the time I feel like you know, in retrospect it wasn't thinking about the future self as much as it was just a trying to show steady, you know, a a good control of steady state and you know, here's the new management coming in and what are they looking for and and trying to hit on those pieces that they were they were looking for versus what you know, what I needed to do, you know, and what what I what where I wanted to project myself and even my team and and every everything at the time. So yeah, it's it's a night and day difference, you know, and and a completely different, you know, point of view of where I'm coming from now and and and attitude, you know, attitude is always, you know, the the key and and like I said, I'm I'm in a much better place from a a personal position, a professional position and just you know, from a mental state for position.

I've got a lot of a lot of positive stress on my plate now instead of a lot of negative stress. Words are powerful and the most powerful words are the ones you say to yourself. So Exactly.

what exactly you did to change that? It's it's coming into my day and as I'm going through my day and and going through in the recaps of the meeting with people. It's it's it's the end of the meeting exchange where it's okay, let's talk about the action item.

Let's talk about, you know, what the next steps are but it's it's taking the time to make sure that I'm hearing what others are saying in the meeting versus just the a lot of times is the assumption, you know, as a leader. Okay, we've talked about this. We've gotten enough head nods.

Let's go. It's taking that time to really pause and and and be intentional and you know, how we're doing things. Okay, let's make sure we've got that right.

Your action items were this questions. You know, let's go through that. You're you're also working with, you know, with person A, you know, let's talk about those dependencies before we adjourn, you know, so that when we do come back and you know, the next meeting where we're more clear on what we're we're doing to accomplish.

I've been meeting more frequently with my manager, you know, and and almost on a daily basis, you know, as as we were getting up to speed even through the go live because you know, there is there have been just a lot of moving parts with with that program and you know, the pieces that I'm taking on and taking over and and then you know, as I joined there's another you know, we've got another leader in his organization that's retiring and so I picked up, you know, his area of responsibility as well as as I'm onboarding. So there's you know, and and that's been great too. Like again, being very intentional with my with my management, you know, understanding what their strategies are and what what their specific agenda and trigger points are and what we what they have been working through before I arrived and how do I best continue that forward?

How do I now influence that? How do I, you know, where do I need to support? Where do I need to challenge?

Where do I need to pick up and you know, it's been really really helpful in that regard too. So it's it's it's just been it's I feel like where I am now at the start of this job you know, I was saying this to a close colleague of mine a couple of months ago about 3 weeks into the role, you know, I kind of was starting to get my feet get my hands around everything. Like I said, I've been meeting with my boss more frequently and I was comparing and contrasting it to another role that I had had, you know, at the at the start when I moved, you know, to Texas and even though I'd already done a similar role to that that job before it was just a I myself felt like a completely different person coming into the role.

It it I felt better prepared, better experienced, better positioned for success, better positioned to lead and I just I really felt that it was, you know, a Dave 2.0 coming into, you know, a new position. So yeah, it's been it's just it's just been great. It's been really really different It's been a great start to this year.

Is there anything about the program that surprised you? Yes. So I mean if you remember where I came into it, I firstly thought, you know, I'm coming into it looking for a professional development like a coach to help me in my career, you know, and and you know, what am I what am I going to focus on in this is you how to develop interpersonal relationships, how to be a better negotiator, how to, you know, move up the career ladder and and you know, that's really kind of what I thought about but as I went through the program and as I went through and learned about being intentional and being, you know, having my future self and how to empower others and how to you really be intentional about how my interactions influence and impact others.

You know, I what I didn't expect was the surprise I guess what was the biggest surprise is is just how I developed as a as a person as well as a professional and all of those pieces that I took outside of my career and my career search and how I brought those into, you know, my everyday. I think that that is probably the biggest surprise that I took away from the whole program. And how has that been impacting you since then?

I I well like I said, it's it's part of my everyday. It's part of how I interact in meetings. It's it's how I try and interact with my kids when they get into a low spot, helping them see, you know, what what's on the other side and in the future and it helps me too, you know, and and you just when when things get tough and things get you know, challenging.

It's it's you know, focusing on okay, not just the problem and the challenge we have in hand now but what what are we doing to be intentional about how to solve this for you the future. How are we how are we working through this that's not just a get something out of this for me but how is it create a win-win with something with someone else? I think it just has helped me become a better person and I I feel like I'm a I'm a better man now than where I was, you know, not just a better employee and a better leader but a better dad and a better neighbor and a better friend and yeah.

Yeah, we have a few members in this program said, "Well, my wife say thank you." Oh. She said, "I like the best the version of you right now better than before." Yeah, I I I look forward to being able to share that with you, too. And what would you tell someone who is now currently in the position you were a few months ago where they are currently at their low point?

What do you want to tell them? Oh gosh, I mean, don't hesitate. Just just do it.

I mean, it's it's like I said, it's a great investment in you and in order for at least for me, in order for me to get to the point where I was able to help myself be successful, I needed to put the time and the investment into myself and you the program is great. It's it's like I mentioned, it's it's incredibly accessible. You've got access to the recordings.

You've got access to the to the materials. You've got access to you and the the group and it's a great community that you're building and I'm happy to be a part of it and I think I think that anybody who's considering it should, you know, definitely jump in. All right.

Is there anything else you want to share with the audience who's watching? Just thank you. Thank you for everything and and you know, thanks for letting me share this and I look forward to meeting future members of the program.

Thank you, Dave. And for all of you watching, if you are serious about advancing your career and finding your fulfillment like Dave, you want to apply for the 1% Academy program where I will be coaching you but also you will network with all the members in this program who are high achieving executives, high performing leaders like Dave. So you can start by booking a free strategy call with myself or my team members through the link below and I'll speak with you on the call.

And thank you, Dave. Thanks, Stephanie. Bye-bye.